This year, resolve to support your favorites in video gaming without detriment or talking
down to others. Play together and don't deride those who do. Be critical without being
detrimental. But most of all, enjoy! It's a new year and a new episode of the show where
every gamer has a voice. Hello my friends out there on the internet and welcome back
to another episode of the show where every gamer has a voice. It is Orange Lounge Radio
back tonight after a little break with episode number 672 for this January the 15th of 2017.
First show of 2017, the first show of our 15th year, believe it or not, of doing this.
My name is Rob Roberts live in Studio N7 in Sacramento, California and joining me as
always say hello to DarkSakura or Jamie Summers. Balls. Is that how your 2017's been so far?
That's my first word on the show for 2017. I see, so it is noted. Can we put that on
the wiki? Balls. How's 2017 treating you so far? Yeah. Did you have a good new year? My
2017. Okay, everyone who knows me by now knows that I'm kind of obsessed with Aggresive
Retsuko. Watch episode 39 of Aggresive Retsuko. It's a minute and a half and that is exactly
how I feel. What is that? I don't think I know. It's a Sanrio character. The office
lady who's all sweet and kind of pushover and inside she's all rage. And drinks beer
and sings death metal karaoke. Is that like the assistant from Monsters Inc. on the ride
where she'll read you at the end of the ride? No. You need to see Aggresive Retsuko. Is
it on Netflix? Well, they're all fan subbed up there anyway. But episode 39 is basically
how my year has started. And how I feel about the rest of the year. Eat my fist Destiny.
But not the game Destiny. No. Alright. Also say hello to Techmaster Loki. Hello. Hi Loki
how are you? I'm fine. How is 2017 treating you so far? Fine. Same old same old just like
last year? Yeah. Pretty much. Alright. How was your new year? It was okay. We just hung
out at my mother-in-law's house. Sounds exciting. Well, she made food. So it was good. Okay.
Food is good. Food is very good. Hope we have lots of great food to enjoy throughout this
year. So yeah. It's our first show of 2017. We were gone for a little bit. Even though
we did a show on Christmas. That was a lot of fun. We had the next couple weeks off.
One for New Year's. And then I was at MAGFest last week. So I'm back. Actually, I was traveling
back from MAGFest during the show. I was somewhere in the air above Chicago where I'd had my
layover and yeah. So we weren't able to do a show last week. But now we're back and looking
forward to all the conventions this year. Although actually nothing on my calendar yet.
This is kind of the little break. I mean, the end of the year is always like, after
Dragon Con, it's like there's a convention every month. But so far this year is looking
pretty uneventful until Dragon Con is the first thing on my calendar for this year.
So we'll see.
What about Sake in the Arcade? You're forgetting.
Oh, of course. Thank you. Well, here's the thing about Sake in the Arcade. I don't have
to travel for that. That's just in our backyard. So I don't like that's kind of on a different
list in my mind. But no, that's a darn good point. Sake in the Arcade is coming up in
April. And yes, OLR, we're going to be a part of that again. Very excited to be working
with our pals from the Sake IGDA. I know they'll be back on the show at some point
to talk about the event this year. So I'm looking forward to that.
Anyway, we've had a pretty big week in gaming, right? So when we signed off at Christmas
or last time you were here, because you were here for the Christmas show, Loki, last time
we heard from you a month ago, we still had all these questions on the Nintendo Switch.
And you know, I think I remember remarking, you know, by the time you're back on this
show, we're going to have all our answers. Well, we got some of our answers this week.
And we have some new questions. So let's kick off tonight's OLR talking about Nintendo Switch.
First of course, I want to introduce you guys in our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com
where we do tape live every Sunday night at six o'clock Pacific, nine o'clock Eastern
right after the Bobby Black Wolf show at vognetwork.com, vognetwork.com and YYR pointing out in our
chat, aggressive Retsuko is freaking hilarious. You can find them on YouTube, though. Filters
are often applied to avoid copyright strikes. And I see that stuff. Like they'll flip the
image or they, they have a different aspect ratio or something.
There's also, I put a link in the chat room to where I've been watching them all.
JD in chat brings up Mag West. Yes. Thank you for bringing that up. I do want to attend
Mag West for sure. I can't remember if that was April or August. I think it's August.
Yeah. It's August because I remember thinking, oh gosh, I hope that's not the same time as
DragonCon, but it's like the week before. So that's going to be a pretty crazy time,
but, uh, bring it on, bring it on. I say, all right, off to the Nintendo Switch. So
Loki. Yes. I know the longtime listeners are, you know, you, you've always been a critic of
Nintendo, but it's not, you know, and again, I'm going to start off by saying this because
I want to reinforce Jason's message of positivity at the top of the show, which I think is a good
way to start 2017. Uh, I don't think anybody here hates Nintendo, but in fact, we love Nintendo
and it kind of, it's, it's hard sometimes to watch them make what we view as careless mistakes.
Would that be a fair way of putting it, Loki? A blatant oversight. Yes. Some oversight,
Dark Sakura? The moment you said careless mistakes, I now want to hear the forthcoming
rant with careless whisper play in the background. I can make that happen. So let's see. So Loki,
uh, if you were to, we use, we use grades at vognetwork.com A through F. How are you
feeling about the Nintendo Switch after everything you saw earlier this week?
I don't know. Like I made the, you know, the quick decision to go ahead and pre-order one
while I decided if I wanted it or not, because I figured it's going to be a clusterfuck trying to
secure pre-order. And it was, I mean, cause they were pretty much like, oh, hey,
it's up for pre-order and you know, gone in like an hour, you know? Yeah. I was lucky to get one
on Amazon. Um, like they opened it up at midnight. It's like, okay, geez. Which I was like, yay. They
opened it up while I'm still awake. But then I'm thinking in my head, I'm like, oh my God,
East coast Twitter is going to be pissed in the morning. Like that was kinda, that was a weird
time for them to turn the switch. I mean, cause the East coast kind of got screwed in that unless
you're a night owl over there. But anyway, well, and that's the thing is I was going to wait for
Amazon to stay up and do that. But then like, I had to go to sleep. I'm like, okay, well,
it's almost midnight. They haven't put it up yet. Everyone else has, I'm just gonna go to sleep and
wake up tomorrow. And sure enough, midnight, they put it up and it was gone. And so I ended
up ordering it at target or something like that. And that's where I have it right now, but I don't
know. They, and then of course GameStop opened up more pre-orders, but they're forcing those bundles
and stuff like that, which I was actually okay with picking up one of them because the price
difference was about 10 bucks and it came with two games, aside from Zelda, which I was going to get
anyways. But then like when I went to order it, it was already gone. So they only had like $600
bundles. I'm like, no. So if you put in a pre-order, you must be feeling some sense of
desire for the system. There must be something you like.
Here's the thing. Okay. So I'm, I like the fact that there's going to be, I like what the new
Mario looks like. And I like, you know, the Mario Kart and all that stuff and Zelda, you mean Zelda
looks fantastic. But then I really thought about what am I going to do with this? Okay. So like,
for example, Mario Kart 8, it's basically Mario Kart 8 that was on the Wii U, but they added a
couple more characters and fucking fixed battle mode, which should be a fucking patch to the
original game. It shouldn't be its own game. I'm paying $60, 60 bucks to, you know, pat them on
the back. Do we know that that's the final price for Mario Kart 8 deluxe? I'm pretty sure that's
60 bucks. Well, but we don't, I want to see the receipts. Is it not Amazon pre-order?
Knowing Nintendo, it's 60. They're charging $50 for one, two Switch, which is a piece of shit.
Well, that's, I have some strong feelings on that. So they're charging 50 bucks for that. So
sure as shit, they're going to charge $60 for Mario Kart 8 deluxe or whatever, which adds no
extra tracks, no tracks whatsoever. It's just a fucking battle mode, which should have been the
way it was in the first place. But battle tracks, battle tracks, right? Because there was talk
about like Luigi's mansion and there's some, there's... Yeah, the battle mode tracks. Those
are new, obviously, because the way they did battle mode before made no fucking sense whatsoever.
And like, why am I patting you on the back for fixing something that was blatantly wrong to
begin with? It does, I don't even understand why I would reward you with $60 of my money.
And then the other thing I wanted to play was Skyrim, which isn't coming out till the fall.
Why am I going to wait a fucking year to play a game that I have right now that I'm playing?
And let's be honest, it's Nintendo we're talking about here. You really think they're going to have
mod support in that system? Fuck no, they're not, because their system probably won't be able to
handle it. It'll be too complex or some shit. I mean, that's... That doesn't mean people won't
find a backdoor. It doesn't matter. I don't need to find a back... Why should I work on finding a
backdoor for their system to play Skyrim that I can... I could literally spend $400, approximately,
the price of the system and that to buy... Go towards another laptop to play Skyrim with mods.
I mean, why would I want to pay, you know, extra money for that? And then really it came down to,
okay, Zelda looks awesome. You know, I'm sure that, you know, on that system,
it's going to be graphically better and stuff. And then I'm finding out that,
okay, it runs 720p on the Wii U and 900p on the fucking Switch. I'm like, that's not much better.
That's like... I thought they said that Mario... Oh, you mean Skyrim is, because I was like...
No, I'm talking about Zelda. Zelda's going to run at 900p, upscale to 1080.
Interesting. I know Mario Kart 8 is 1080p, 60 frames a second in one player mode on the TV.
But then that's the thing is like games, like running portable on the games,
doesn't... It will underclock them and they won't maybe run at 60 frames per second. So
it's like all these things we don't know about it. And, you know, I came down to like,
I'm thinking, well, what do I really want to play this? The new Mario game looks pretty nice. I mean,
I've skipped a lot of the Mario games. So do I really need to pick a system up right now to
basically have Zelda, which I could already get on the Wii U? And why am I dropping all this money
for like no games coming out until the fall? It doesn't make any sense. It's like the 3DS all
over again. I had... There's someone that was comparing it to the 3DS. And it kind of feels
like that where it's like, okay, we're launching in March. It's gonna... There's... Zelda's great,
but it's not a really solid lineup of titles coming out. And I feel that they're gonna like
in August say, yeah, we fucked up. We're gonna need to drop the price of this. We're gonna need
to do something, you know, to fix the problem. Because I'm just... I don't know. Unless people
are really gonna get hyped up about these games. But hardware wise, it sounds cool. Like I like the
idea that, you know, they have this, you know, enhanced rumble and everything with it. And
those little things look pretty cool. But they're way too expensive. Like if I want to buy a second
pair of those, that's like 80 bucks for control. I think controllers are expensive now. And that's
even more expensive for shit. Fuck that. Why am I doing that? I kind of get it with the little
the little joy cons because there's a lot of crap in those things. I mean, there's a lot going on
with those. I was pretty surprised at what they were packing into that. But $70 for the Pro
controller, that's some side eye right there. That's a little much. That's a little much. And
I full on realize that PlayStation 4 controllers are not much better. They're like 60 bucks.
But most of the time you can get them for 30. You can get them for half price most of the time. And
then I'm talking like first party controllers. But that's the thing with Nintendo is it doesn't
really drop the price and just... And then their online plan that they're charging for online.
I don't know if I really am down with that. I mean, they really need to show me what they're
bringing with it. And that's the problem is when pushed on it, what exactly it's gonna be.
First off, you know, they're offering a game each month, which is like kind of on par with
the other services that are out there, except those services offer four or more games every
month. And it's for only that month. So you get the game. And I'm talking like a virtual console
game. That's literally less than $5 value or $10. And then they're taken away at the end of the
month. You only get it for the month. What kind of fucking backwards type of plan is that? When
they know what the marketplace is, they better not be charging very much for it.
I was gonna say, we don't know what Nintendo is charging for it. I think a lot of people
are assuming that it's gonna be the same price as Microsoft and Sony, but we don't know what
they're charging for it. It could be cheaper, which could position it.
It could be. And then what am I getting with that? I mean...
I'm kind of with you that Nintendo really has to convince us what you're getting with that.
They're like putting all their network features on a fucking app for a phone.
What the hell? This is a game console. I don't need my phone with me to fucking voice chat.
If I want to voice chat, I have fucking Skype I can do that with. Or dozens of other apps that
can do that. Why am I gonna pay you money to present an app for me that runs on my phone
and not on the damn console in the first place to do voice chat for what? For what fucking reason?
You know, this is the kind of work around shit that you'd have to do in like Mario Kart now,
because they're too worried about the kiddies and shit. Is that what it is?
Let me get to some of our chat comments over at live.vognetwork.com,
and then I want to get to DarkSakura's thoughts on this.
Going to chat, let's see. MegamanX400 says,
The controllers are really expensive. Like, try living in Canada. $100.
Yep. Not cheap, that's for sure. Let's see.
Maya in chat says, At $299 with no pack-in, we're all paying the early adopter fee.
Holiday 2017 will see the Switch at $249 with a pack-in game of either Splatoon 2, Switch 1-2,
or both. I'm kind of with you on that. I think the biggest wince and the biggest mistake I think
Nintendo made in that whole thing is that 1-2 Switch should be a pack-in game. Like,
here's the thing. Here's the thing. When people, and I know where you're going with this, Loki,
but again, what Nintendo did with the Wii and the Wii U is that they packed in the concept game
with the system. And for the Wii, that drove buku bucks because people did not buy a Wii.
Many people did not buy a Wii. People bought Wii Sports and the console that you needed to play it
on. That's what people were buying. Nintendo Land, Lightning didn't strike twice. So I'm a little
like, I'm a little thrown off by this 1-2 Switch thing not being included because it does seem
a shoot-in-the-foot move where they're relying on the Zelda thing to push the console,
and that maybe this 1-2 Switch is gonna be that word-of-mouth party thing maybe? I don't know.
That game is fucking cringey. Like, I was getting serious cringe.
See, I can't say that until I play it. I can't say that until I play it.
Watch the videos. It's enough. Watching their demonstration video is fucking cringey as shit.
What kind of games are they offering? Hey, we've got Table Tennis, but guess what you gotta do?
You gotta pretend. You gotta pretend that you're playing Table Tennis. You just swing it to the
ceiling. What the fuck kind of game is that? What about Wii Tennis? That's the same thing.
You know what? Okay. Yeah, Wii Tennis is the same thing. No, it's fucking not. You know what the
difference is? Rob, okay? If you right now look at me, look at me, and you swing your arm like
you're playing tennis. That is the fucking game that's included with that. There is no display
that shows players playing tennis. You don't see any sort of connection with your player playing
tennis where you see a visual feedback of a ball bouncing around. All you have the Nintendo Switch
doing is fucking sitting there as a table picture. Just saying, with the score on there.
I'm just saying, when my friends come over and get drunk, that milking game is gonna be the funniest
fucking thing that ever happened. But you know what? You know what? There's a million other
things. When you're fucking drunk, everything is the most fucking hilarious thing ever.
It doesn't fucking matter. Why should I pay $50 for a piece of shit game that promises,
oh, maybe if my friends come over and get drunk, we'll be... As I recall, one person in this room
has been drunk, kicked to the wall, and said he's in the Matrix. That was how many years ago?
What does that matter? What is that relevant now? Proof of what people will do when they're drunk.
It doesn't matter. But seriously, what is that saying that, oh, this game will be good when I'm
fucking shit-faced? That means it's a shitty game. That's like how you date people.
I like this comment from Bobby, and then I promise we're getting to Dark Sakura. Loki,
zip it for a minute. Bobby Black Wolf in chat says, Skye, actually, the table tennis game is an
audio game. You have to play by listening to the audio. Sturlok might actually love that. Remember,
our blind gamer that calls into the show sometimes. So, fair counterpoint. All right,
Dark Sakura, I'm dying to know your take on this whole thing. So I'm sure you and Dan
watched this or the highlight reel or what have you. Where are you standing?
I slept.
You slept. Well, where are you at on this?
We're not getting one. We're not pre-ordering one. We kind of don't care.
Why? Because...
I'm kind of surprised because of the Zelda thing. So you're just opting for Zelda on Wii U?
We're getting it on Wii U. We don't want it on Switch. The whole plan is to pretty much wait
for all the hype to die down and get it once there's a decent series of games on it. Like
we did with the Wii U. We bought the Wii U when there were good games worth having a Wii U for.
So it's kind of what one of our chatters, Maya, was saying earlier. The whole fact that it's
almost a given that holiday, the price is going to drop and you're going to get a packing game.
Pretty much.
I see.
I mean, and on top of that too, I mean...
I hate to say it. We had too many damn games at my house.
What? Who are you? What have you done with Dark Sakura? New year, new you? I don't like this.
The Mario trailer looked fucking bizarre because he's, you know, Mario style in real world humans?
No. That looks creepy as fuck. He only looks good in the non-human world. Dan and I were saying,
this is like fucking Sonic Adventure. It should have been Sonic.
There's a lot of people making that comparison.
There's a lot of Sonic 06 comparisons, which is fantastic.
And then at like at least five people sent me the link to Puyo Puyo Tetris. And guess what?
I have it on PS4. I imported it. Actually, Dan imported it for me for my birthday.
Very, very text heavy, but I figured out all the menus, so it's not a big deal.
And we played the crap out of that, decided Puyo Puyo mode was more fun than Tetris mode,
you know, and in versus Dan somehow liked the Tetris one. Anyway, it's a good game. Good game.
Worth having. Worth having. I'm glad it's getting a US release. Not enough to make me buy a Switch.
And like I said, we're getting Zelda on Wii U so that I can actually, you know, play it on
on my pro control. I don't think we have a pro controller yet. No, I think we do. Anyway,
I've got options. None of those other things coming out are things I give a crap about.
So if I, one, don't give a crap about it, and number two, like saving money,
what's the logical decision? Don't spend money on something I don't need.
Don't spend money on something that won't enrich my life. I would rather buy myself,
well, I'm going to be buying another Apple Watch anyway, but I would rather spend that money on
something that's actually going to be useful and then wait until later on when there's going to be
more stuff on it that I'm actually going to be interested in and then can justify spending the
money on. Why spend money on hype? Okay, well, since I am going to be spending money on hype,
I want to talk about my position on this because I have it preordered twice because I'm nervous
that one of those preorders is going to be a joke and get yanked away because I was that paranoid
about this whole limited quantity situation. But obviously I'm only going to get one of them,
although I'm holding onto the second preorder because maybe I'll have a friend that's like,
ah, I didn't get on it right away. So I'm going to wait to see how that plays out.
But for the most part, I did preorder one. I plan on getting one. Again, I'm viewing it as
a portable and I realized that Nintendo is telling you something different. I don't really
care. I'm looking at it as a portable and I love it a whole lot more than when I look at it as only
a console. When I look at it as a portable system, I get really excited about the potential to
take this switch over to, let's say Flaco and his wife's house with Shane there or something
like that. And we both have our switches, you know, and it's not like having to like unplug
a completely different PlayStation 4 and all this stuff, which, which doesn't even support
that type of LAN gaming very easily anyway. So the switch is going to make this, you know,
in-house on the same network gaming very, very easy. And so I imagine that, okay,
it's going to be very easy for me to just pick up the switch, go to somebody else's house,
and we can play like four player Splatoon in the same place. Like having just come back from
MagFest, like I am fucking excited about next year's MagFest. And the fact that most of my
friends that are going are probably going to have switches and some of the epic games that
are going to happen because Nintendo really does know how to make those multiplayer games.
And I think things like Mario Kart, Splatoon, and yes, even though it's Mario Kart all over again
in the same, the portable element and this new element of being able to have the multiple screens
in one place where many people are playing, that's going to be a huge deal. And then, you know,
stuff like Splatoon and whatever else Nintendo announces for the holiday. Cause I don't think
we're done with 2017. I don't believe that the Mario game is the only game Nintendo's putting
out this holiday. Oh, I'm sure they'll announce more ports of Wii U games. That might be where
Smash Brothers is, but it's still even, even if it's Smash Brothers on those screens, that's still
going to be a big deal. Again, because Smash Brothers on the 3DS, not so great Smash Brothers
on the switch, I think has the potential to be awesome. And that's really what the system does
for me is that potential of being able to really get up and go. And it's just, it's very different
from the 3DS, like, because there are these, you know, larger, well, the only slightly larger
screens to be fair, but the way it's just kind of designed to set up, it's very good for like a,
the hotel room type of gaming or, you know, a living room thing where everybody's sitting
around. I'm reminded of one of my first experiences, my very first experiences ever
when I met Dark Sakura. Um, and it was actually at her house and they were having a local area
Nintendo party, a LAN party and everybody, you know, keep in mind, this was, I've known Dark
Sakura a long time, right? Cause we've been doing this show 15 years. This was like in 2002,
I think it was the house. It was around the time when I lived at Bamani Melrose place. That was
the end of 2001, right? Where if we had a pool, somebody would got pushed into it with all the
drama. Yeah. So, okay. That was the end of 2001. I'm pretty sure this was around that timeframe.
So I went over there and Dan was there and all, all his buddies, maybe mystique and people like
that. People that are listeners have no idea who these people are. We're all sitting there
and you had like, like you had like three TVs in the living room. There was like one TV back
in your room and like all these people were there and you guys were like, I don't know if you were
speed running, but you were having like a Zelda competition to see who yeah, who could get from
the beginning of Zelda to the end, the fastest. And that was like, that was, but that was when
I knew, by the way, for anybody who wants to know the history of this show, that's when I knew Jamie
was my people was when I saw that whole thing going on. And I'm kind of like this for me,
the switch is a little bit of that experience. I don't know. So I'm just, I'm, I'm jazzed about
the potential, but that's not that I don't have my concerns. I do certainly have some concerns.
I think it's weird that Nintendo is not talking about Netflix type of stuff and app support,
because I think that is important in this day and age of, of consoles that we live in,
whether they be portable or in the same room, I already expressed my concerns with one, two switch.
I think that was a really bad move to not include one, two switch with, with the switch. I think
that is a really, really bad move. I thought for sure when they showed it that that was going to
be the packing game. I thought for sure too. And I just, I, again, I just don't think it's a smart
idea to not put any type of packing game at all, uh, for a concept console such as the switch,
but we'll see, we'll see how it goes for him. The March launch is going to prove to be interesting
too. You know, we've been talking a lot about the launch lineup and all this stuff. What does
2017 look like? You know, and I think this console is breaking a lot of our traditions,
what we expect, because this isn't November. And I feel like Nintendo is going to drop this in
March, but it's going to be a slow race until how does this thing really sell during the holiday?
You know, and that's why I'm curious to see what kind of stunts Nintendo is going to pull out at
E3 for the holiday season, you know? And unlike you guys, I was really into the Mario thing.
I love the name, by the way, Mario Odyssey. I love that name. Um, and I was kind of digging it.
Is he going to require that, um, all of Peach's suitors shoot an arrow through key holes,
um, to prove that, you know, he's only the real Mario? Or is he, you know, or is there a bed made
out of a tree trunk? Super Mario Odyssey of the mind. I'm actually referring to the Odyssey.
I know you were. Anyway, uh, let's see, go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Um, May Command X 400 says, it's okay, Sky, don't let them rain on your parade. You enjoy that
switch. Don't let them come for you. I'm not because everybody's allowed their opinion. And
like, I, even though Jamie says she's not getting a switch, like I actually completely understand
that viewpoint where she's looking at it going of these five games that are coming out the first day,
I don't need to drop the money on it. So I'm going to wait and see if the deal gets sweeter
come Christmas time. I feel like, um, I've gone up like five points and grown up and it sucks.
Well, I feel the same way. I mean, it's just like,
to be fair, there is a bit of, I'm a gamer and I have to have all the toys coming into play.
Like if I was a more rational human being, I might be looking with similar eyes, the dark soccer is,
but I'm not, here's my worry. Okay. My worry is I think the third party support is still going to
be very fleeting on the system. I just don't think that even though EA was there talking about FIFA,
it was fucking awkward as shit. I just don't think it's going to be there aside from,
you're going to have the typical Ubisoft fare and all that, but it's just going to,
it's going to come down to the same shit that fucking the Wii U ran into where,
hey, our modern engines don't fucking run on this. And that's going to be a problem. Yes.
I understand you want to be, you're not even more affordable at this point. You're actually
more expensive than some systems, which doesn't make any goddamn sense. And yeah, the gimmick
that you can take this places and stuff. Cool. That'll work for like a successor to the 3DS
or something. But when it comes down to it, the end of the day, which is what this is for me.
Okay. That's cool. But it's never going to perform as well as these other systems because
you can't get these other franchises granted. Yes. The first party titles may help drive the
system, but that's all you got because you can't run the call of duties or battlefields or all
these other, what happens when the next elder schools game comes out? You know,
they have Skyrim on here right now, but what happens when the next elder school six game
comes out? It's fucking fantastic or fallout five or whatever the hell the next big thing is going
to be. It's not going to run on this. And that's gonna, I know you people will play off like,
Oh, well, whatever. You know, I have another console, but it's gonna affect shit because
when they're looking at buying consoles, I want the one where all the best games are,
but they'll have the handheld support. And there's some amazing 3DS games,
things like Bravely Default that don't exist on consoles right now. So, I mean,
I get what you're saying and I don't necessarily disagree. I think Skyrim is a poor choice,
but I have heard people say, I'm excited to play Skyrim portable on the go and what have you.
I, I, I think those folks are probably the minority. I think, I think Skyrim is a choice
like releasing Arkham, uh, what was it? Arkham city or whatever on the Wii U or mass effect
three on the Wii U. I think, you know, those were bad choices to release last year's games or
six years ago's games on the Wii U. And here's the other thing now though, but see, you mentioned
Bravely Default. Now you have a system basically that's, you're developing for like a console
system because that's basically how it's set up. Before, when you're developing for 3DS,
the port that to like a console would be a lot of work. Now it's not going to be. So what's to say
that that stuff only has to go to the Switch. It's going to go everywhere. So why once again,
am I picking up a Switch when it's not going to run the games that I want to play on it?
I can't help but think Pokemon, which is a huge deal in the handheld world, but once again,
that's a first party Nintendo title aside from first party Nintendo, it's going to suffer and
let's, let's hope that first party can drive it. Cause it sure as hell didn't work for the Wii U.
You know what would be kind of cool though, is if they did a version of Pokemon Go
for the Switch that had an AR camera.
See, I'm with you. It would have been awesome to support, you know, Pokemon Go for the Switch,
except it doesn't have GPS built into it or data or anything else.
And thank God it doesn't, or it would be more expensive.
I don't think it would. Now I have a 50.
Here's, here's my crazy get, get the tinfoil hat because if Nintendo is going to be using an app
through your smartphone to do the voice chat, couldn't this Switch also use your smartphone
for GPS? No, no, it can't.
Why not? If it can use it, if it can use it for chat, why can't it use it for GPS?
GPS doesn't work that way. You can't take a third-party source for GPS. You're going to
include- Then what the fuck is the Pokemon Go Plus?
That's a Bluetooth thing that it has nothing. It's running the app. It's just an extension
of the app. It's not that your phone is still running that. All that's happening is you're
having some extra feedback coming from an additional device. It's still your app on
your phone running that thing. And couldn't the Switch leverage that the
same way the Pokemon Go Plus does? But why would I even bother at that point?
What's the point? It's like having a giant ass, like,
watch or something that doesn't make any sense. Well, since you said watch, they do have the
Go app on the watch. It doesn't make any sense. Let's put it
this way. I bought my kids cheap ass tablets for Christmas, and those had GPS built into
it. So you can't tell me that GPS is too fucking expensive to put into this device.
It just doesn't make any sense. Whatever. You know what? That's not the direction that
they're going. Fine. But I'm just, I'm worried that it's going to be the whole
Wii U all over again, because they're so confident this is different enough. I just,
you're under powering your console again, and it's going to hurt you.
Okay, going to our chat, because I got to get more chat, because you guys are lighting up
our chat room over at live.vognetwork.com. Maya saying the Wii U never saw Pokemon,
never saw Fire Emblem, never saw Metroid, never saw any serious square JRPGs. The Switch
should have all of those. Well, we're getting what? We have the Fire Emblem Musou, which,
you know, is or isn't a real Fire Emblem game. But we do see some JRPGs on this thing, right?
So, you know, there's that. Certainly, we got Dragon Quest 10 and 11.
Shimagami Tensei was in one of those reveals. So, I mean, we're going to have some stuff on
Switch. So, that's good. Let's see. Dungeon Buster in chat says, we'll see if EA and Ubisoft,
among others, evaporate their support after a year or two. Yeah, that'll be telling. The FIFA
thing, I mean, I know a lot of people, probably in the demographic that listen to this show,
probably rolled their eyes at the whole FIFA thing. But that is the world's biggest game,
even more so than Madden, because now we're talking the world, right? So, FIFA is a huge,
huge game. So, the fact that that's on the Switch, that's something. But I'm curious to kind of see,
what is the whole element of the portable and, you know, kind of some of those concepts they
were showing in that early trailer, people playing on the rooftop and all that. Is that
really going to benefit FIFA? I'm curious to see how that works out, because that's
something that Xbox One and PlayStation 4 can do. The FIFA game that's going to be right on this is
based off the PlayStation 3 and PlayStation or Xbox 360 versions of the game. They're still making
it for those systems? Wow. Well, it makes sense. It makes sense. Yes, they are updating the
rosters for it, but no, it is the version of the game that came out basically in 2012.
They haven't updated it since the new systems came out, because the new versions of the game,
obviously, are running on a different engine that, once again, the Switch cannot run.
Let's see, some folks in chat talking about Ultra Street Fighter 2. Needlecrash says,
I'm getting Ultra Street Fighter 2. I was very surprised, but I'm not paying that $40 price tag.
So yeah, the Ultra Street Fighter looked really interesting, except it does just look like that
HD remix with two additional characters just shoehorned in there. It's like SVC chaos.
Not the best comparison. You know, if it's 40 bucks, I'm certainly not going to buy it.
The HD edition was only, what, like 20? Maybe. I'm curious about that. Let's see, a couple other
comments in chat over at live.vognetwork.com. DungeonBusters brings up Xenoblade 2 and Project
Octopath Traveler. Those are some JRPGs that were shown for the system. Yeah, I'm really excited
about Xenoblade 2, that's for sure. I hope that's a holiday title. They said that was 2017, so that
could be another big release for them for the holiday. We'll see. So anyhow, Loki, we've been
bantering a lot in studio about our opinions, and obviously we have some big thoughts here,
but I'm curious about any news we might have missed about what's going on on the Switch,
like that came out of the press conference we haven't talked about yet. I know one thing,
actually, is the whole fact that the virtual console games might be online, which I've been
hemming and hawing on this show for forever is something a virtual console should be doing.
So the fact that that could actually be happening is really exciting to me. And I know some of you
are like, big effin' deal old games, but I'm like, this is gonna be awesome that I can play
something like Mario Brothers 3 with my friends who live in another state. I love that idea,
so I really hope it's true that the virtual console games are online. And this is not anything
they said in the presentation, they haven't really talked about virtual console games.
If you go to their website, though, where it talks about the whole one game a month for free,
although yes, it has borders as we found out, it talks about that the Super Nintendo games
have this online capability, but obviously they're gonna need to detail that in the next,
what, six weeks before this thing is out. Seven weeks, I don't know. Somebody give me a calendar.
But there's not a lot of time before this thing comes out, so I don't know if they're drip feeding
information to try to keep the Switch in the news every week, because that could be something
Nintendo's doing where it's like, this next week we'll talk about Netflix, and then we'll talk
about the next week virtual console, so that way it keeps bubbling up on the gaming press every
single week. That could be Nintendo's strategy leading into March 3rd, I don't know.
Or they have no fucking clue on what's going on, because people ask them like,
so what does this networking thing have? Well, stay tuned for some more information.
Dude, you're fucking selling a console that's coming out in six weeks. Have some fucking details
already. We've already been waiting how fucking long to find out the details, and you're dicking
me around some more because, oh, I'm sorry, we can't really tell you the details. Ha ha, it's
a secret. I mean, fuck you guys, seriously. I kind of think since those things have to already
be starting on assembly lines, there's some semblance of what's in that operating system.
There has to be, there has to be. We're running out of time. So I do think it's more the drip
feed. This isn't, this is an intentional drip feed of information. Nintendo really wanted to
steer the conversation to one place after this reveal with all the press they're going to get,
and they're going to continue to drive the conversation where they want it to be. That's
just, that's how this industry works. It's fucking dumb. It seriously is fucking dumb
at this point that they're going to be doing this kind of crap, but whatever. I mean, people are
going to buy the shit out of it because it's a Nintendo. Let's see, going to our chat over at
live.vognetwork.com, MegaManX400 says, my point overall is that most core gamers are complaining
that this won't have the games they want, yet they probably already have one other console already,
probably had two consoles last gen. So what's wrong with owning a PS4 and a Switch?
Nothing, if you have that kind of money, which not everybody does.
Let me put it this way. Here's what's wrong with that. Because as you get older,
like before that one, the Xbox 360 gen, I had an Xbox 360, a PlayStation 3, and a Wii.
You realize when you have three systems that you're not playing on all three systems,
that that's just money basically being thrown away because you end up really gaming on one
system or maybe one or two if you're playing those exclusives. Later on, you get smarter and
you decide, hey, this gen, I'm not going to buy every single system because you actually sit down
instead of getting caught up in the hype, you look at what's coming out for it and like, listen,
most of the games are going to be on all these platforms except for this exclusive, this
exclusive. What is most important for me to play? And you make your decisions that way because,
and once again, yeah, you may pick up a Switch because you want to play some of those Nintendo
games, but that's, for me, if I wanted to pick up a Switch, it's the prospect of, hey, I can take
games like Skyrim or these other games on the go and be able to play these, I can take my console
to work and play it on break or something like that. That's exciting, but I'm not going to be
able to play the newest Call of Duty on break on that console because it won't run on it or
it's not going to be available for it or it's just going to be Mario games.
I just, I, and why would you argue to try to be the second system in a house? Why would you
race the second place? That makes no sense. Second, I get you're still the first handheld
because everybody else hasn't gotten into the market because tablets are out there because
it's maybe not viable for Sony could have Sony still might if this works out.
Oh, you know what though? You laugh about that because they try to make a more compact console
before, but if they just said, fuck it, we're just going to make this giant tablet like console.
To be fair, to be fair, it is still working in Japan and I still kind of failed to see
this whole disconnect between why the Vita is not being pushed more here.
I'm just saying if they're successful, I mean, it's not unlike Sony and Microsoft to try to
copy something, but I think with Microsoft, they wouldn't really do it too much because you have
the surface tablets, which are, you know, kind of the surface pros can do some like gaming.
So that's almost like this, I guess, you know, you can kind of take it on the go.
So that's kind of the equivalent there. Sony doesn't really have anything like that,
but I can see them coming out with another handheld system. I mean,
who's to say they wouldn't do it if it's insanely popular? I just don't know.
And once again, too, you know, remember with the 3DS, they had all these amazing
tech pieces that were a part of that, like the whole, you know, that was the thing that
got me hyped about the 3DS was like all this, you know, glasses free 3D, which is like pretty
awesome. And then the AR stuff, which is pretty awesome. And then they just totally put that to
the wayside. It's just a portable system. So, you know, with the Switch, is everybody really
taking it as a portable system or we can just like all these extra features that the Joy-Cons
can do. We're just going to say, eh, whatever, we're just going to we're just going to game on
it and we're not going to do all these games. It's just going to be playing traditional games.
Is that bad?
It's not bad, but that's but once again, then why put all this stuff, their garbage into your
console that's going to cost extra money? I mean, I don't know. I just. I think waiting might be a
good idea just because I think everything is just too chaotic right now. We don't know what is it
slightly expensive. There's not a lineup of games. It's just.
I just don't want to get caught up in the hype. And I felt like when I first placed that preorder
that I was kind of getting caught up in the hype and I want to get it in on that. And I was like
super excited. And I started like reading up more of it and just like listening to like the
information coming back from it. And like, no, this makes any sense. Why? Why am I doing this?
I don't know.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Mega Man X 400 says realistically,
Nintendo is in last. Should they shoot for first? Yes. Are they going to hit that in one new
console? No. So aiming for second might not be bad. Flaco Jones says I do want a system for
Splatoon 2 and Mario looks great. Not that it'll actually come out this year. The Immortal Gamer
says, man, I love Loki. Not in that way. LOL. He's very rational where I find most aren't.
Let's see. YYR says, I see a lot of folks saying I'll wait for a non-portable version with a pro
controller for $200. And Maya follows that up with, they'll, they're going to be waiting a
while. You know what? You say that, but here's, here's my theory. You know, this is a little bit
foil hat, but like VR is still in its infancy right now, but that really takes off. You bet
your ass you're going to see a fucking portable version of this. That's going to be 10 AP where
they can use VR because 720 P and VR will look like fucking shit. That's never going to happen.
You're never going to be able to have like a device to plug it in and have it look nice.
So that's where another version of the system will come in.
Does Gear VR do 1080?
Gear VR, it's a phone resolution. Phones are over 1080 P.
Okay.
I mean, and you know, the resolution's a lot smaller, smaller screens. So
actually, yeah, six inch screen is going to look really weird on your face anyways,
but you know, let's just say that you did it. The resolution is just not there for VR,
so they're not going to be able to do something like that. But if that takes off,
that may be something that they look into.
I'm not really, I mean, I can see what you're saying. I'm not really interested in Nintendo
getting into the VR game. That pool's got, that pool has too many players in it right now.
And so I, I, I just, I'm not really interested in Nintendo's take on VR right now. Like I know,
I know that sounds kind of, I don't know, but I just, I'm not really interested in
Nintendo's take on VR. Like I want them to focus on building the console and attracting the third
parties and, you know, making that console a must have console that separates itself a little bit
from Xbox one and PlayStation four, where, you know, a lot of the overlap really is.
And a lot of that is due to Nintendo's strong first party and their, the nature that they just,
they don't develop for anything, but their own console, except now, of course we have the mobile
thing going on. So who knows? I'm very curious to see how that whole thing plays out where you have
the mobile phone and the switch thing kind of coexisting because Animal Crossing's future is
on mobile device. You know, you didn't hear anything about Animal Crossing on the switch,
and I think that's because it's, it's going to now be the mobile thing.
Which is too bad because I think it'd be good on the switch style, but.
I think it would be, it would be, but also I'm like, if it's going to be the same
fucking formula that it was in 2002, then leave it on mobile devices. Cause Animal Crossing
hasn't changed enough in those years. Unless the switch is like a new take on it.
We haven't mentioned yet the other things that kind of bothered me a bit. 32 gigs of onboard
storage. Really? Yeah. I, I got to admit, I was not impressed with that either. I mean,
I understand that because this uses cartridges, cartridges, like 3DS has used cartridges.
I understand that these things are not going to need to install a bunch of data. Like I'm not
going to, allegedly, I'm not going to have a 40 gigabyte install. Like I have on PlayStation
four of dragon age or whatever. Like that's just not going to exist in this world. So,
I mean, there is that, that, but if you want to download games, where the hell are you going to
put them? Micro SD cards? You're going to have to get a micro SD card. Which is fine. At least
it's not proprietary. It's still an added expense. You know what? Nintendo should be applauded for
non-proprietary stuff like the micro SD. Exactly. Sony didn't do that. USB charging.
That's great. And most of all, I think one place where Nintendo should be patted on the ass is the
fact that this console is region free. We haven't brought that up yet. Finally, Nintendo is making
the right call in that department. We don't live. I mean, the internet has broken down a lot of
these walls. Region free is the place to be. And this also means Taiko no Tatujin easily on my
Nintendo switch. So yay. Although I guess they are supposedly releasing one locally, Taiko Drum
Master, I guess it's going to, so you're going to have two different, you're going to have the
US version, the Japanese version anyway, but that's very exciting in my opinion. So let's see.
Alan Alchemy in chat says it's the year of our Beyonce 2017. Bidding should start at 64 gigs for
a budget model. Let's see. The Immortal Gamer says I'm still smarting for my PlayStation VR purchase.
Wonder what I'm going to do with the thing. Act Def says, wait, there's going to be a localized
version of Taiko for the switch. I don't quote me on it, but I thought I heard somewhere that
there is going to be a US version and a Japanese version, but even if there's not a US version,
the good news is I can just import the one from Japan. I can get Dragon Quest 10 from Japan.
Not that it's necessarily going to run. And to be fair, they didn't say that region,
region free was going to be like a mandatory thing. It sounds like developers could still
lock regions out if they wanted to. Although that's not going to be good press if they do,
but with Dragon Quest 10 being mostly online, I could kind of see it. Who knows? So anyway,
anything else on the switch that we haven't gone over yet that we need to? Loki?
I'm trying to think here. Well, they announced colors when it came out so you can get red and
blue. I have the gray one on order. Yeah. A lot of my friends are getting the neon red and blue
thing, but I'm really bothered by the fact that there's not the consistent color. So I had to get
the gray one because it just, it clashes. I don't like that it doesn't match. It's weird. That's my
thing. What do you think about the fact that they're not bringing Miiverse or Street Passes
to the switch? I almost thought, see, like had I not seen the screenshots or whatever I think
from Mario Kart, I thought that they were getting Rameses altogether, which I thought was probably
a good thing. Yeah. That is a little weird that they're not bringing Miiverse over.
I'm okay with Miiverse not coming over. Miiverse was an interesting concept, but it just,
I just, it wasn't a very easy thing to use. Miiverse is fucking clunky. That's my biggest
bitch about it. Like I should be able to press a button, but Miiverse like the way it works in
practice is horrible. Just like when I bring up my Twitter feed on my smartphone, I hit a button and
it's up in under five seconds. Like that's what needs to happen with Miiverse and it doesn't. So
I think that's one of my big problems with it. But the Street Pass thing, I kind of like that.
So I hope that Nintendo has some type of like substitute. Like I like the idea of you get data
from other people that then can be imported in the games. Are we still doing friend codes?
Let's hope not. I don't think so. I really don't. I mean, cause, and I would say the reason why I
feel that we're not is they're the only ones that does it well, but if you look at what they're
doing on the mobile devices, you connect through Facebook or Twitter and you can find your friends
and add them. You don't need any type of code. And I feel like that could be where they're going with
the switch is that they're just going to leverage existing social media as opposed to try to create
their own. I really feel like that's where that's going. So let's see, I'm trying to think if
there's any other news. Battery life, was it two to six hours, depending on what you're running?
Something's all right. Yeah, I guess that's okay. I mean, that seems comparable to a 3DS.
Maybe you're getting a little less life, but. But I mean, that's also going to be something
could be solved with third party accessories as well. Then I haven't really seen a lot of
details, but I know that, you know, with it running off the battery versus plugged in,
there's definitely frame rate issues with that. So I don't know. Can we talk a little bit about
Bomberman? Because this is a case of, well, A, it's one of the launch titles on the switch and
it's Bomberman and they'll have a lot of people excited. B, it's Konami making a game,
which is somewhat, you know, newsworthy in itself. Thoughts on the fact that Bomberman
is coming for the switch? Is this something you're excited for? Nope, because fuck Konami.
I have to admit, I'm in a similar boat. It looks, it's seriously, it looks average at best and fuck
Konami. I'm not going to jump in and buy it day one. If it's something where I watch other people
play it and they're having a whole lot of fun and really excited with it, I'll reconsider.
But because I have hesitations that Konami is incapable of making a good game anymore,
I can't say I'm going to jump in and get a day one. I have Super Bomberman 2 on the Super
Nintendo and a multi-tap. Well, there's not just like the fact that you might have the old stuff
lying around, but also the last Bomberman I remember getting that was on Xbox live or
whatever. I don't remember being that great. You know what I mean? Like I was going to be
unpopular opinion time. I kind of think Bomberman is one of those things that's kind of run its
course. Well, this one is supposed to have eight player multiplayer. So I guess that can be,
all right, that could be cool. I guess, but I mean, I don't know. It just, it, no. And even
like the new like street fighter, ultra street fighter two, I'm just like, kind of, is that
really the best you got? I mean, is that what you're offering? It's like, you have a brand
new console. Let's make a splash with a remaster of a fucking old, I mean, don't get me wrong.
Street fighter two is awesome, but come on. I mean, really? Yeah. What's going to elevate
this to 2017. I mean, you did street fighter four in the 3DS. I mean, shit, the very least
you could do something. I'm still happier at street fighter two than street fighter five.
Well, yes. You know, I know it's not going to be street fighter five, but I'm like, come on,
you did street fighter four on the, you know, the 3DS. I don't know. It just seems very silly.
Um, needle crash in chat says, uh, former Hudson soft employees were involved in making
super bomber manner. That's a fair point. Um, you know, they, they paid the people to do it. So
again, I'll give it a chance. I'm just not buying it day one. I want to, you know, see the live
stream, see my friends playing it, see some of that reaction first before I make a decision.
I'm not just going to jump in on nostalgia alone because my hate boner for the direction that that
company has been going in for a while now kind of exceeds, um, and my love of BOMBERMAN. Does
the joy con have six buttons? Yes. All of them do. There's the tiny, tiny, tiny little LNR.
Oh my God. Was it? So yeah, the joy cons, you've got the, the one good joy con and the one janky
joy con that has the fucking analog in the middle. That's going to be interesting. That's for sure.
Uh, Maya says, can we talk about how insanely awesome that Zelda trailer was? That
trailer was like, awesome. Yeah. And to maybe end this discussion on a positive note,
that trailer gave me a huge nerd boner. It was awesome. And that was like my, my complaint, you
know, before was Zelda was like some of the footage that they're showing, like how they did
like that live footage during everywhere. The last like live thing that they did where they
stream some like footage of Zelda. It's just kind of like, well, I've already seen this before,
but that trailer was fantastic. I'm freaking excited about voice acting in Zelda. Hello.
That was amazing to hear. Uh, is that Zelda is going to be getting voice acting now.
Yeah, it looks, I mean, it's going to be a fantastic, I have no doubts whatsoever
that it gives me fantastic. Yeah. I'm very excited about that. All right. Well, I think
in the interest of time, but dark soccer, one more thing. Well, just something,
if we are ending the topic, there is something that we need to announce as a thank you.
Okay. To one of our listeners, Martin, who gave us all this chocolate. What's that have to do
with the switch? Because you were ending the topic. I see. All right. I was moving forward
to thank him before we got into stories. That's true. Yes. Thank you for, um, when I decided to
start a diet two days ago, thank you for drowning us in chocolate. Although eating one of these
right now, I will say what's amazing is that there's actual stroopwafel in there, not the
liquor that we were having on the Christmas show, but actual stroopwafels. And that made me go,
so, wow. Even Loki's taken something. I never see him. I never see him pull from the food pile.
He's a picky eater. What's this banana banana is like a banana cream. And it's super good.
That sounds amazing. Can't wait. All right. Uh, let's get into how was your gaming week?
Uh, we usually like to do this towards the top of the show. Talk about the types of video games that
we have been playing this week. So dark soccer, we'll start with you. How was your gaming week?
Wow. Just a lot of world of Warcraft. Pretty much. I haven't really had time for much else.
And so not really even a lot of it, just a decent been playing that and then been watching awesome
games done quick. Oh yeah. That, that was fun to watch this week. Yeah. Save the animals,
which they did. That was the winner. That was interesting to see how that whole
bid war played out there. And I'm glad that they, because, um, I had forgotten all about the, um,
the Crouch trick for mother brain. And then remembered that, like, I found that by accident
years and years ago, but it's, it's awesome. It's a good trick. Yeah. Cool. All right. Uh,
Loki, how was your giving week? Um, I tried to place, you know, purposely cause my giving weeks
in the last few weeks have been just pretty much the similar. Um, so I tried to play different
things this time. I actually played a little bit of PlayStation VR. So actually most of the
PlayStation VR that I've been doing is because my wife's been hogging the TV. So I've been using the
place Skyrim on because it works as a second screen except my God, can we already fix the
stupid screen drifting problem already? Like I hate having the recent or that thing like every
minute or so it's just irritating. But other than that, it works all right. And it works great as
a screen. Um, I tried this one, they had like a little free, I guess it's like a video or
something called Gary, the goal, which is kind of funny. Um, so that I try that out. It's pretty
neat. Um, he basically is a seagull that's trying to get you to look away so they could eat your
food. Um, so I thought that was kind of cute and it was free. Um, what else? I started, they had
the tentacle remastered since that was one of the free games that we got with, um, PlayStation plus
this month. So, um, you know, I apparently remember quite a bit of that game and I'm almost
already finished with it after just, I can't remember, I couldn't remember how short of a
game that is. Um, so I'm, you know, playing through that a little bit. Um, it's still pretty
funny. I tried playing with the developer's commentary on and that got irritating really
fast. So I had to shut that off, unfortunately. Um, what else? I then of course, you know,
Skyrim remastered. I actually finished the whole Dawnguard stuff, or at least the main quest line
in Dawnguard. And I've been going through now the main quest line in Dragonborn. So I'll be doing
that. And then what else? I've been, uh, mobile wise, I apparently I was watching this, uh, video.
It was from, um, some YouTuber and I'm trying to remember the name of their show. It's something
that, something with skeletons. I don't remember the name of it, but it's a video game show. Um,
but they had mentioned they're all, yeah, at least it's not like that, um,
EDF tapper game that you're playing like EDF tapper game. What? And sure enough, there is
apparently an EDF tapper game that's on the phone. Oh, it's your two favorite things. I was like,
had a baby. Exactly. So of course I had to download it. It's a Tap Wars, um, or at the
Fence Force 4.1 or something like that. And it's, it's pretty stupid. And the way they program it,
of course you got to love Sandlot. Sandlot, they make, their games are glitchy as shit.
And it has not changed one bit. I'm old. It is just, the game is all 2d. It has 2d
sprites and I don't know how they got it to run so terribly, but whatever it's Earth Defense Force.
And it's also super easy to cheat in because they didn't put any checks whatsoever. It's like,
it's like, why am I not even to buy any of your stuff? Because it's just ridiculous. I can just
time warp 36 years back and forth and get tons of money. But I mean, it's, it's still a little time
waster. It's kind of fun. Um, and then what else did I play? I played a little bit of, um,
Ingress. Not too much though. I've been kind of getting burnt out a little bit on that.
And then Pokemon Go, I occasionally opened it up, but I haven't really been playing anything on
that. Um, I'm trying to think if there's anything else I played. I know I tried playing some other,
other PlayStation VR games. Oh, Bound. I tried playing Bound and that game was really weird,
except for their camera in that game is shit because you have to constantly, you have to like
basically babysit the camera. Cause you can kind of rotate the camera around your character,
but it stays fixed in that one spot. So you constantly have to keep refreshing the camera
over and over to get your, the fall of your character and just trying to make jumps and stuff
with that is really frustrating. The game is gorgeous, but it's confusing as hell what the
story is in it. Um, I just, I don't know. It was one of the games that got cheap on one of
the bigger flash sales or something, but in PlayStation VR, it's pretty cool. Um, but like
I said, the camera is just absolutely terrible. I just, I don't know what the hell they were
thinking when they made that. That's it. Were they thinking?
It does not make any sense. It really doesn't. Well, before I talk about my gaming week,
I do need to mention I ate some of that banana chocolate thing. That's amazing. So thank you,
Martin, for sending that to us. I love bananas. So, um, yeah. Yummy. Um, anyway, uh, let's see,
uh, my gaming week. So I need to talk about magfest cause you know, I went to this little,
little gaming convention on the East coast. Uh, that, uh, was the reason why I wasn't here last
week. I had a great time magfest. Um, I didn't, I was a little disappointed in myself because I
didn't force myself to play. You know, we weren't doing the video stuff this year cause Bobby
couldn't make it. Um, and so I didn't really force myself to play enough of the indie stuff.
And every time I was in that area was late at night because that's the best time to do the
arcade stuff is like one or two in the morning. And thankfully, since my body was kind of on
West coast time, still, I found myself over in that area at like three in the morning and stuff,
but like none of the indie people were there and I wouldn't expect them to be. So unfortunately,
I just kinda, I kinda missed out on a lot of that stuff. So I apologize. I really should have done
a better job trying to find some little gems in the indie thing, but it was just kind of like,
I was just going and hanging with my peeps that I went to magfest with, saw a lot of, um, awesome
bog people and, and listeners and stuff. Like for example, um, SSG100 Matt had, uh, purchased, uh,
bagels for us from New York. And I thought that was really awesome. Uh, I ran into Rama was there.
It was his first magfest and I think he had a pretty good time too. And, uh, he had, he,
he swung by the liquor store and got me some fireballs. So thank you, sir. We did drink.
All that fireball was, it was amazing. Um, and, uh, yeah, just, it was cool getting to see people.
And, uh, I did a little more of the concerts this year, actually. I probably saw more, uh,
bands than I did the first year. Uh, they didn't have like the journey live or anything,
but I still saw some good performances. Uh, I saw the proto men and they were a lot,
they were a lot of fun there. Uh, they do a lot of powerful stuff on stage. Um,
thought they did a very good job, uh, saw the tail end of bit brigade. Um, when I think they
debuted it for the first time, DuckTales, uh, they did the whole plate. Cause you know, they,
they played the soundtrack basically while somebody speed running the game. So of course
the crowd lost their mind when they started playing the moon. Um, so that was great. So I,
yeah, I had a really good time with the concerts. I even saw a couple of panels. Um, and yeah,
I really need to make sure that I get to do a panel next year or something so that the people
who wanted to meet up on Twitter and stuff, we have a date and a time and a place to do that.
Cause I know I miss some people on Twitter that wanted to say hello. So sorry for that,
but I will be back. Certainly as long as finances are good and everything,
I'll be back for magfest next year. Um, so we can try it all again. And then of course,
mag west, as somebody pointed out in chat has come in this year and uh, certainly I'll be going
to that. Um, as long as I can juggle that and dragon con that might be pushing it a little bit,
but, uh, really looking forward to that. So yeah, I had a great time at magfest. Um,
as far as games go, um, a lot of the same stuff I've been playing like Pokemon go,
I've been really, really playing more of that. Like I'm actually doing gym battles now because
I found it's pretty decent XP. Um, so I'm almost level 27. I'll probably hit level 27 tomorrow
if I go on another walk. Um, and that's been good too, is that Pokemon goes really been
incentivizing, uh, walking obviously for a catching and just in general catching Pokemon.
So, um, trying to get more into doing regular walks thanks to Pokemon go. And I think that's
been a great thing. Um, so yeah, almost level 27 in that. So that's exciting. Um, and then, um,
I've also been playing a brand new game for me on PlayStation four. And this was a game where I
really didn't like the demo. And I said, I'm not going to buy this game cause the demo is garbage,
but then a lot of people on Twitter are like, this game is really good. I love this game. It's
a lot of fun. And then, you know, I was kind of asking people, so is the demo a good
representation? Everybody said no. And then I saw the game was on sale and I said, all right,
what the hell I'm going to play world of final fantasy on PlayStation four was, um,
the new game I checked out this, uh, past week. And yeah, they're, they're right. The demo was
not here. We go again, another JRPG, like Nino Cooney with a shitty demo, but the game itself
is, is much better, uh, gives you the better exposition that you need to understand. Why
do you stack units on your head? Um, and, and explaining a lot of that and, you know, kind of,
kind of ramping up and I don't understand why these demos are not just like the first hour or
two of the game, but anyway, um, so if you haven't played world of final fantasy, it's kind of two
new characters, uh, that get involved where they are. It's kind of like, it's almost mixed with
kingdom hearts cause they're going through these doors to these different worlds, um,
that are tied to old file fantasy games. Like in the very beginning of the game,
you're in Cornelia from final fantasy one, and you actually are working with princess Sarah and
the warrior of light from that game. And so you, um, yeah, you, you kind of do little dungeons and
fights. The thing that really surprised me about world of final fantasy is that for a game that
looks very chibi and cartoony, and it's kind of like a side game, I was like, it's the difficulty
is kind of tough. Like I actually lost, uh, one of the big battles the first time I lost two of
the big battles the first time I did them, because you really have to think about like what strategy
you're going to use in the battle and you can't just go in there and mash a and expect to win.
Um, so yeah, I, I, I've, I've been enjoying world of final fantasy. I'm not sure I love it,
uh, because my, my whole like obsessive need to collect everything is kicking in and it's,
it's kind of a pain in the butt to collect some things. Cause it's not just like Pokemon. You
can't just throw Poke balls at whatever you want. Like you have to, what's called create a prism
atunity where you can throw the prism ball or whatever it is at it. And sometimes you can
create the prism atunity by just attacking it. But like I'm in an area now where you have to do fire
damage to create the prism atunity. Well, that's great, except the monsters that I've been leveling
up and using, none of them, no fire. I have ice. I have earth. I have wind. I don't have fire. So
you have no captain planet yet. No. So I've got to go back now and level something that
does have fire so I can catch these. So that whole micromanaging stuff is gonna,
is just gonna annoy the crap out of me. I know it, but, um, I, I like it enough. It's,
it's a nice little time filler until, uh, you know, things like the switch and mass effect
Andromeda come out. Uh, let's see, uh, Alan alchemy and chat says world of kawaii,
weeaboo, desu desu. Yeah. That would be the other thing I would say about the faith,
the game is that it's the most weeaboo thing I think I've ever played. Like it's just
like the writing and the tropes is just so light. Like my eyes were rolling so hard. I
could see my brain. It's like, okay, you ready for an old, uh, OLR reference? You ready?
It's like somebody let the 23rd Magus write this game.
You know what I mean by that? Right? Dark Sakura.
Yes. And I don't even mean him by his new name. I mean the old school 23rd Magus.
Anyway. Um, let's see, uh, Maya and Chad says world of final fantasy is cute as hell and
got completely swept aside by Pokemon sun and moon. Well, to be fair, Pokemon sun and moon
is probably the better game at the end of the day, but world of final fantasy, uh, I misjudged it on
the demo. Um, but I, if you're going to put a demo out there, you have to realize a lot of people are
going to judge the game based on the demo. So it's no excuse for a crappy demo. Uh, but if you did
play the demo and you didn't like it, uh, maybe check out a live stream or a YouTube, something
that's going to give you a better sense of the game. Cause I think world of final fantasy probably
deserves a little better than the, um, demo it got. All right. Uh, housekeeping. I don't have a
lot to say. We don't have any shows off scheduled cause convention seasons finally died down a
little bit and we just had a nice big break. So we should be here for the weeks to come.
So I will just say, follow us on Twitter, twitter.com slash OLR. We're also on Facebook,
facebook.com slash orange launch radio. We're on Google plus as well.
If there's a social network that you use that we're not on, let me know and we'll get there.
I guess we don't have Snapchat. That's that's one thing I've been using. I use it personally,
but I don't, we don't have an OLR thing on Snapchat. Maybe that's, maybe that'll be in
the future. Who knows? Anyway, let's get to some other gaming news. Yes. Other things happened
this week that weren't necessarily the switch, right? Loki. Um, yeah, I guess I, I mean,
it's pretty much just the switches sweep. So, um, then Reggie, when asked, you know,
cause the switch stuff. So what's going on with, uh, the NES classic edition? Well,
he says stock is going to be getting better. Uh, they're not going to have shortages on the switch
like they did with the classic click edition, but they're going to be continuing to get it back in
stock. Um, which actually I do have to pick up one, which I think we have as another story
regarding my motivation of why I want to pick up one now, but, uh, yeah. So apparently
want to see whether that actually ends up changing. I don't know. I have to admit I'm,
especially now that I'm on board with a switch, I really, I'm going to just totally pass on this
NES classic. I really don't need one at this point, you know, and I kind of felt that way
anyway, towards the end of last year, but I was like, well, maybe if I come across one,
it's funny as I was watching the task bot section of, um, AGQ, uh, you know, awesome
games done quick. Um, and they were seeing that the switch or the switch to the, uh,
classic edition is actually a Linux PC that's running, um, some sort of shell and stuff on it.
And so the way the controls get translated, it actually takes the, um, classic, uh, the
Wii controls or whatever and converts them into Xbox buttons because that's how it's built into
the Linux thing, which I thought was funny. It was funny. So pretty cool. Um, well, uh,
did they say at all, like how they know they're not going to have switched supply problems?
Cause I'm kind of like, prove it, you know, but then again, I was able to pre-order two
consoles, so I guess that's already better luck than the NES classic. So here's, there's excuse,
which makes no goddamn, well, it makes goddamn sense, but it's also a terrible excuse. Um,
so he's basically saying that it makes sense, but I don't like it. It makes sense. But is
it the fucking line that they give us? And I don't believe it at this point, um, basically said,
you know, with the classic edition that the global demand, um, was well in excess of anything they
had anticipated. So they had only expected 30 to 40 year olds to pick up the machine.
Really? And a lot of other people did, which I say to that, even if he only thought 30,
the 40 year olds are picking up the system, you still didn't put enough fucking systems
out there because how many 30 of the 40 year olds do you think are fucking out there?
I mean, really? It's a bunch of shit. Hello. Look at this show. Come on. This is what they say.
Every fucking time a system comes out. Oh, we didn't anticipate the people would like the thing.
Bullshit. Bullshit. Does this mean they are going to over anticipate the demand?
No, they won't. No, they won't. They will under anticipate it again because they,
Oh, we didn't know it was going to be so successful. If only we knew how successful
all of our Nintendo products were. I mean, those pat themselves on the back and pull this shit.
Whatever. I don't know. Maybe there won't be a huge shortage because there's not any games
coming out for it. A holiday again. I still holiday. That's still how many months away?
Yes. It's over 10 months away. Let's see what happens at E3. Anyway.
Here's a game that won't have any shortage problems because it got canceled. Nobody's
going to play it. Um, I think, I think, uh, Microsoft can probably thank Nintendo for
shifting the conversation at the end of the week. So maybe people will forget how much it stings
that they heard that scale bound was canceled. That's right. Scale bound, uh, platinum games
developed action RPG that was shown off at E3, um, has been canceled. It's not going to happen.
Uh, so folks that were really excited to see this title on the Xbox one, uh, were understandably a
little upset. Uh, anyhow, Microsoft did say, quote, after careful deliberation, Microsoft
studios has come to the decision to end production for scale bound. We're working hard to deliver an
amazing lineup of games to our fans this year, including Halo Wars 2, Crackdown 3, State of Decay
2, Sea of Thieves, and other great experiences. Hey, did you hear that? Loki Crackdown 3 is going
to happen this year. Finally. Yeah, I'm sure it is. I'll believe when I see it. Unfortunately,
scale bound will not be, and it's not just the fact that they canceled scale bound, but they're,
Microsoft's actually like yanking trailers and they're actually like pulling scale bounds. I
mean, all the stuff that was officially out there is getting rid of it. Now, obviously once on the
internet, always on the internet and a lot of gaming sites are just, you know, are reproducing
the trailer this week for everybody to, uh, experience disappointment and knowing that
they're never going to play this game anyway. Um, so there it is. Scale bound got canceled.
Um, thoughts, Loki, was that something you were interested in scale bound? What about you guys in
chat? You weren't, you weren't interested in it. No, I thought it looked like some weird devil may
cry dragon game. I thought it was interesting, but I'm not surprised. Why not? It's a new IP.
So there's, if it doesn't already have the interest behind it, that making more sequels
do, what's the point? Well, but it is platinum games who, you know, at least they kind of have
that record behind them. So, but I don't know. I mean, again, it, you know, whatever rumors or
things you want to believe, but it sounds like Microsoft's aggressive production schedule and
tactics may have not meshed well with platinum games and the way they've developed for other
consoles in the past. Uh, who knows? Uh, let's see, uh, stopping and chat says, wasn't interested
in scale bound, looked like a poor man, Xena blade, uh, dungeon Buster says, sad news about
scale bound. It was Kamiya's passion project. Yeah. And you know, as much as I'm like, Oh,
bummer, because I would have liked to see more like Japanese developed things on X-Box one.
Cause it's, it's where it's sorely lacking. I also really tried not to buy into the hype too much.
And you notice this is something I've been learning to do in games is to try not to
buy into hype of games that are not going to be out for four more years too much because things
change, uh, things get canceled and so forth. So, you know, and I'm not perfect. I still get
suckered into hype once in a while, but I tried very hard to not get my hopes too up for scale
bound based off a trailer or two. I mean, do we ever really see game play from scale bound?
Yeah, we did. Did we? Yeah. I just don't, I just don't remember it. I mean, there's,
it's been like, it was the last C3 of the show that I don't remember if that was last year's
E3 or the year before that, but we did see it. Okay. Well, not that, not that that would
necessarily match what ends up in the game. I mean, look at No Man's Sky, Final Fantasy 15,
you know, those, those things change. So, uh, and Bobby Blackwell saying there was co-op
gameplay at this year's E3. It had four player co-op against a boss. So, all right. It's just
one of those things I just forgot, which I guess happens. So, all right. But scale bound,
unfortunately, uh, not coming out for those that were looking forward to it.
Uh, Dark Sakura, hopefully this game doesn't get canceled, right?
Mass Effect Andromeda. A little late now to cancel that.
Yeah. Well, they do. I will go to Montreal and scream in French.
Uh, we'd have to go look back up how to scream the insults I'd want,
but I'm sure I could remember. So, um, the first thing that a lot of people care about,
banging. Banging is supposed to be pretty good.
Who am I fucking in Mass Effect Andromeda? Everyone, uh, the, uh, the question was, um,
put in, uh, Twitter is, uh, how, who you could bang. And the reply was so many and the banging
is pretty good. So they're taking the same approach. I like it.
Let's bone some aliens. I would like to, I would like to play a Mass Effect where I can bang more
than one person too. I'm sure you'll be able to. That would be, that would be fun. Yeah. But here's
what we know about Andromeda so far. It will be quite cinematic, quite cinematic. No shit.
It takes place between Mass Effect two and three, as we know. New characters. Of course we have new
leads. Um, and your ending in Mass Effect three doesn't matter because they're not going to be
there for it. So it doesn't matter if you picked which space magic ending happened, space magic
happens. Just deal with it. It isn't. I mean, I don't think this is spoilers when this is the
whole concept of the game, but isn't the whole idea that somewhere between Mass Effect two and
three humanity, or, or I guess, you know, the, the, uh, alliances out there in the galaxy said,
what if the Reapers do win this and put a bunch of people on a ship and flung them to the Andromeda
galaxy, 600 light years away where they could basically continue humanity just in case, um,
the Reapers did wipe everybody out. Yeah. Mission objective, continue humanity, bang as many people
as you can. It's like the plot of that, uh, Matthew McConaughey movie from a couple of years
ago. Now that was a spoiler by the way. Sorry. I don't know that movie. It was, it was interesting.
Bang. Was he, um, perhaps driving in Lincoln in that movie? No, he was, he was hiding in a
bookshelf the whole time. Come just come to find out he was fucking the bookshelf. Actually kinda.
Yeah. But again, I don't want to ruin it for people who haven't seen it, but it's been out
for like, I still haven't seen it, but I was up on spoilers. The name of the movie you're talking.
I don't, I think the interstellar was that it was interstellar. Yeah. That's it. Was it Matt Damon
in that one? And did he also need to be rescued? Um, yes. Now I could get really spoilery if you
want, but some listeners might start getting pissed off. So anyway, multiplayer is coming
back from Mass Effect Andromeda, but it's going to be more like, um, how it works in Dragon Age
Inquisition, where you can have your multiplayer characters do missions. Um, and you can, you
actually do have the ability to do multiplayer, but it's not going to be as intensely the way it
would affect the campaign like it did in Mass Effect 3. Um, also you have destructible cover
in the game, so your cover can get shot to pieces and you have to move and banging. Um, you also.
I was going to say the multiplayer isn't as intense because it's just the banging.
It's a rhythm game. Yeah. Little did you know though, it is going to be coming out for the,
uh, Nintendo switch and it's going to focus on the multiplayer mode where you basically
milk each other with those HD rumble controllers over and over again. I think I saw some YouTube
or something where somebody was doing that and like playing and the actual switch demo and went
like, this feels like jacking somebody off. And I was like, we're all thinking it girl.
Well, rather than go through all the stuff that we really do already know is the one thing that
they showed in, um, one of the previews was how the, um, the class system works that you can switch
your classes on the fly. And that's pretty cool. That's very useful. Do you do a costume change
when this class switch happens? You turn into Sailor Moon and I hope you do a twirl and that,
you know, J-pop plays all things happening. And then there will be crafting. Stop being
in chat says in space, no one can hear you moan. Wouldn't that, wouldn't that actually be in space?
No one knows you're coming. And this is something about the ending being a very big surprise
as in not having the paths when they were asked about it. So who knows? Maybe it'll be
more subtle. And yes, I did ignore the question. They're all pregnant. You have the whole paid
child support for all of those babies. Surprise. Congratulations. You got everybody pregnant.
I know they do have krogan's. Anyway, although technically that krogan would be around them
and not have been present for the genophage cure. Oops. I'm going to, I'm going to say now,
keep in mind the game isn't out. So we have no idea what the ending actually is. You ready for
my, um, you know, y'all wanted a twist day. You ready for my twist ending for Mass Effect Andromeda?
Okay. It's going to be like the ending for enterprise. The whole thing was a
fucking holodeck simulation. That's going to be the ending of the game.
So when was that coming out again? Was that a March title?
Yeah. End of March, March 21st. So it's like two or three weeks after the switch.
So I don't think it's getting canceled now at this point. There will be sex in outer space.
But with all these like big titles coming out in March and stuff, it's like, who's going to
pay attention to the switch coming out? I mean,
Well, I figure I have a good three weeks to beat Zelda and then that's it. My switch will be used
if I'm going to go to somebody else's house for like a party type thing or something. But I
wouldn't be playing Mass Effect at a place like that anyway. So Mass Mass Effect will be my
alone time. That'll be, that'll be when it's dark in the house, you know, so I can see the stars
in outer space. Uh, Tiger call wants to know, will Mass Effect Andromeda have an ED type character?
I'm sure. Um, let's see. SSU 100 Matt says, Rob, real talk, finish Zelda. You,
Hey, I'm going to try. I beat, I beat Final Fantasy 15. Okay.
I beat a game this year. Finally. There's hazelnut cream in here.
And that's the ending of Mass Effect. I haven't even played Final Fantasy 15,
aside from that five minutes. And I have had no desire to so far.
That's the ending of Mass Effect Andromeda. They go to the moon and they find
it's made of hazelnut cream and then dark soccer is there just licking the surface.
Uh, anyhow, uh, let's move on Loki. What do you have for us before we get to the classic game of
the week? Um, some more, you know, comments regarding the whole Oculus versus ZeniMax
trial that's supposed to be happening. Um, Oculus made a statement, um, because I remember for this,
it was ZeniMax saying that they had the hard drives or something and something because of
the hard drives that they had a strong case. Well, now Oculus is saying, bring it bitch.
And so they basically said, no, where are you going to present our case in court? Oculus and
founders have invested a wealth of time and money in VR. And we believe that we can, it can
fundamentally blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. We're disappointed in other companies using
the wasteful litigation to attempt to take credit for technology. It did not have a vision,
expertise, or patience to build. So we'll see. I should have had the people's court theme to play
behind you as you were talking. And ZeniMax is seeking $2 billion in damages, which is equal to
the amount of money that Facebook got or gave them, which hmm. So these things almost always end in a
settlement, but not this time. Like this is, this is going to go all the way, going to go all the
way, all the way. Judge Judy's going to render a verdict on this. Yeah. I mean, they were saying,
you know, because of the whole hard drive thing, they were saying there's not a line of ZeniMax
code or any of its technology in any of the Oculus VR products. Indeed ZeniMax had never
identified any stolen code or technology in any of the Oculus VR products. Although
ZeniMax had full source of the Oculus VR software for over a year and a half,
having received it indirectly from Oculus VR well before it was even released publicly
and have, and could have analyzed it online at any time on the Oculus developer website.
I don't know. It'd be interesting to see how this plays out. William Murderface in chat says,
maybe Oculus will also be smart and distance themselves from Palmer Lucky. We can hope anyway.
Just make that guy take the fall. Just say it was all his fault. Well, he's, he's not even involved
in the company anymore. So I don't, he's, he's kind of disappeared recently. I can't imagine why
anyway. Uh, all right, let's get to the new story to which Loki earlier referred before we get to
the classic game of the week. This is a good story to lead into it. You know what we say here at
Orange Lawn Radio, hackers going to hack and sure enough with the NES classic edition, guess what
happened? Uh, one Russian hacker opened the system up and put more games on it. In fact, there's a
screenshot floating around out there with Mass Effect, excuse me, Mass Effect 3 and 4, Mega Man
3 and 4. What a twist. You were fucking Mega Man the whole time. Uh, Mega Man 3, 4 and 5 and 6,
and all these Mega Man games are actually installed on this NES mini. It was all posted
on Reddit in English and talks about how you do it, where you basically connect the PC
via a USB cable to the NES classic mini, you boot the NES mini into the film mode,
then you unpack the system kernel, add your ROMs, repack the kernel and flash the system.
Now doesn't that sound dangerous? That's because it is, and you could fuck up your NES classic
if you do this wrong. I don't think you would be able to. I think you would imagine you'd be
able to reflash it with, you know, this, the copy of the whole ROM or whatever, but
a lot of people have done it. I want to do it once I get mine.
Now, uh, apparently it tops out at 60 games, the UI.
Baby, I think you could fit more than that though. I think they found a way.
There is 512 megs of storage, so you can fit, uh, more on there. And apparently modders have
already added Famicom to support. That was going to be my question is what if you try to put games
on here that it didn't, they didn't put, because if I remember right, the old NES from what I
remember way back in the emulation days in college, I used to get more involved with this
stuff when the Nintendo emulation was first getting out there. Like when Nesticle hit
and everybody was losing their fucking mind because that thing ran like flawlessly on a 486.
So, um, if I remember right, you have all these different mappers that the old Nintendo games are
on. And to emulate different games, you have to be able to reproduce different mappers, basically.
A lot of the old Nintendo games run on like the first or third mapper or something like that.
But there was a total of like, I think like over 200 mappers. Some of them were for very obscure
types of games, like 64 in one pirate type games. But I remember some games had really weird mappers
and like, like Castlevania three, I think was one of them where like, if you didn't emulate it
right, then the vertical level would be all screwed up. Now, granted, uh, Castlevania three
is one of the games on this thing, right? Well, no, it's one and two, not three. Yeah. So,
hmm. Anyway, I just, I would be curious if the system is even capable of emulating everything.
It's a Linux PC. I'm sure they can do something with it.
Uh, Stoppy in chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, don't worry, you can trust the hack,
since when have Russian hackers done us wrong? That is exactly what I've been thinking.
Right? The moment you said Russian hacker, I'm like, fuck.
Anyhow, we can't blame all hackers that are from Russia for stuff like now. Now,
why did suddenly my NES classic vote in the last election? I don't understand anyway. Oh,
I can't. It doesn't have any internet built into it because God forbid we'd ever have the
forethought to purchase stuff. Who knew that Nintendo's forethought of cutting off online
was going to save us all anyway. Oh, wait, they didn't save us. We're doomed. Anyway. Uh,
something else to consider is that, uh, when these hackers went in there, well, not when these
hackers went in there, but, uh, apparently other hackers have found that there was a secret message
inside the Famicom version of the NES classic edition. Uh, that's right. A Japanese modder
apparently went into the system and found that there was a cute little, little message hidden
in the coding when they were, you know, getting in there, trying to inject whatever software they're
going to put in there. And the message said, this is the Hanafuda captain speaking,
launching emulation in three, two, one, many efforts, tears, and countless hours have been
put into this jewel. So please keep this place tidied up and don't break everything. Cheers,
the Hanafuda captain. Well, you know, that Nintendo started off as a, um, Hanafuda, um,
manufacturer, which are playing cards in Japan. If you didn't know that, but yeah,
very interesting. It's a cute message. And also kind of interesting that at least somebody over
there knew hackers are going to get into this thing. Like the people developing this new,
they, they had to know as gamers, like, Oh, I'm surprised that no one's extracted the emulator
out of this thing being that it's based off Linux. You would think that they build extract.
I mean, you've got a pretty good emulator for Nintendo titles. I mean, I think people would
want to get ahold of that and they've already kind of exploited a little bit.
So I think, I think it's really cute that, uh, they, they put this little message in there. So,
yeah, that's, that's been making rounds on the internet. You know, what else is cute
is the segment we do here on this show every week,
starring the very cute dark Sakura or Jamie summers. Oh, you flatter. You'll get me everywhere.
This is a segment where dark Sakura steps into the gaming vault and finds a game that she thinks,
Hey, you brats should be checking out this game, the classic game of the week. But wait a minute,
wait a minute. Y'all wanted a twist day. You've decided new year, new you. So we already talked
about the classic system of the week. You're not doing that this week, but you've decided,
you know what we're going to do. I want to do, I want to do something different with
this segment this year into gaming mystery. I see. So now I, now I need the unsolved
mysteries theme except I don't have a handy, but you could play spooky. All right. I don't know
if I have that one either. All right. But anyway, so this is a little different. What is different?
What is the classic game of the week? Polybius and I don't think I've played that game.
And no one's played that game. It's an urban legend. Um, but it was worth mentioning
because it's, it's one of the first gaming related urban legends, one of them. And basically
the particular, the whole thing about the game is that it was rumored to have induced different
psychological effects on people like amnesia, night terrors, and even getting people to stop
playing games at all. So it was Yaris. Yes, it was Yaris. And they said that it was released in 1981
and then a month later disappeared without a trace. No evidence that it ever existed apart
from just people talking about it. And a few other things. Now the name Polybius comes from
a Greek historian and the historian himself stated that historians should never report
what cannot be verified through witness, through witnesses. People have to have seen it. So the
name itself is its own irony because there are no true witnesses to the game's existence. Did you
pick this because of that thing going around on Facebook where everybody remembers that Sinbad
was in this movie that never fucking existed, but people swear up and down they saw Sinbad in a
movie that actually starred Shaquille O'Neal, right? Which movie? Wasn't it like Shazam? Like
everybody is convinced that Sinbad had a version of that called like- Did you see that Victoria
met him and asked him about it? I did, right? He apparently thought it was funny. Well,
apparently his reaction was he thinks it's funny and in the good old American way that you know
Sinbad's gonna do, his plan is to profit from it. His plan is to, I don't know, apparently gonna
make- It's the same thing as people remembering the Berenstain Bears being the Berenstein Bears.
Are those the same bears that are in the commercials wiping their assholes selling
toilet paper? Are those the Berenstein Bears? That's the shitstain bears.
They voted for Trump too. Stop it. Polybus. Anyway, the first documented reference about it was
an anonymous entry into coinop.org that was published on August 3rd, 1998. It mentions
that Polybius had a copyright date of 1981. The author said they had a ROM image of the game
and have extracted text from it, including a 1981- I'm going to mispronounce this because
I don't know German very well. Sine Schlosschen, which in the remainder of the information was
unknown in the about this game section had the rumors that made up the legend of the game.
And then there was also a notice about it having appeared in Portland, Oregon in 1981.
And it was so popular that it was addicting with lines forming from it,
and people fighting over who got to play next. Hey, nobody fights in Portland, first off.
This is the 80s. They might have fought, you know. Anyway, they also said that the machines
were visited by men in black that would get data from the machines to test for psychoactive effects.
And people, you know, like I said, they were saying there was amnesia, insomnia, stress,
night terrors. And then that one person became an anti-gaming activist. So basically,
Tipper Gore played it one day. No, that was the songs. Jack What's-As-Fuck played it.
Jack Voldemort?
Yeah. Now, the name Sine Schlosschen came from an odd German combination of words, a portmanteau
that combined sine, which is senses, and lochten, which is to extinguish. So it's
basically considered a sensory deprivation game. Now, of course, there are the origin of this
might come from what was described by an author named Brian Dunning, who said that he thinks that
it happened from players in Portland that fell ill on the same day in 1981 when having a migraine
after playing Tempest, and another one who played Asteroids for 28 hours in an attempt to break a
world record. There are also notices from the FBI that they raided video game arcades 10 days
later, but they were looking for gambling machines. And as we know, there's been an ongoing issue,
you know, especially in the 70s and 80s, where anti-gambling laws were affecting arcades. Well,
we just have the deal with pinball now being available in some areas because of all that.
The other thing, too, is that this myth actually might have been the inspiration for The Last
Starfighter. Hmm. Because, you know, it has a video game that's meant to test the reflexes
of somebody to be recruited into the galactic thing. And also, it was said that sine lotion
was the kind of word that a non-German speaker would create for something if they were using
an English to German dictionary. I like that. So, Polybius did get some attention from Gang Pro
back in 2003 that was in an article called Secrets and Lies. Snopes has also debunked it,
apparently. A few, you know, a few other facilities have tried to debunk it, of course.
But in the Portland Retro Gaming Expo, October 5th, 2013, there was a...
Always fucking Portland with this game.
Yeah. There was a limited run of a Polybius game that was made to use for the Atari 2600.
Guy named Chris Trimloo made it. He is the owner of Lost Classics. And it's basically all DIY.
It was based off of descriptions of the game. So, it is a game.
Now it is a game. I see. Because I was gonna say, do you know how hilarious it's gonna be
that you made a game that doesn't even exist, the class that gave it the week before Halo?
But this game does exist now. It does. Well, and I... Technically not 10 years old because
it was DIY in 2013, thus violating the rules. 2003. Oh, that was 13. Now, for you PlayStation
VR people, there is... Jeff Minter announced that he's doing Polybius for PlayStation VR.
And I'm sure that'll be quality. Well, but it's in VR. So, you know, it might...
So it must be good. It's just a Portland simulator.
But there have, of course, you know, Polybius has been so ingrained in gaming culture though,
even, you know, people who didn't know of the rumor, at least recognize the name.
And not just people who studied Greek history and philosophy.
There was a mention of it in The Simpsons in the Please Homer Don't Hammer Him episode.
There was a Polybius cabinet that was in an arcade and it had a single button
and printed the words property of US government. It's shown up in like a couple issues of Batman.
It showed up in the House of Mystery. One of Vertigo comics on a T-shirt.
It was part of the plot for Doomsday Arcade, which is a series by Escapist magazine.
It's even in Hackslash. Splatterhouse, it's even in Splatterhouse. So...
I mean, not in Splatterhouse. That issue was inspired by Polybius and Splatterhouse,
my apologies. And then there's a modern day sequel to Polybius
that's in a plot of a story called Out of Order that was, again,
in Portland themed stories called City of Weird.
So, one last thing. In Farming Simulator 17,
near Field 1 and 6, there's a broken arcade game that says Polybius is the title.
There it is. Your classic game of the week.
You know what that actually stands for, right? That name stands for multiple Starbucks on
different quarters. There's more than one. That's important.
Wow. Let's see.
ActDeftInChat over at live.fognetwork.com says,
It would have been fantastic that Polybius VR released and it had Frog Fractions 2.
Sadly, that won't be the case. Yeah, if y'all didn't hear,
in the past few weeks since we last had a show, Frog Fractions 2 is finally out there
in the wild. It's real. The jig is up. All that stuff.
So, it's hidden in a game called, what was it? Glittermitten? Glitter Grove?
Glittermitten Grove. That's it. On Steam.
Which is this whole other simulator game, and then you play that and there's tricks you do,
and Frog Fractions 2 is actually in that game. And do you know what a lot of the early stuff
in Frog Fractions 2 is directly influenced by, Loki? ZZT.
Like, a lot of the early stuff are ZZT levels that you play in Frog Fractions 2.
It's pretty fucking amazing. Well, I posted a link to one of the
articles about the game. And it's got some of the pictures of the logo and screenshots that
people have supposedly taken. So, they've gotten a logo from somewhere.
You know? It just seems to me that I think that this is...
First of all, if you've ever watched any of that ROM footage that's out,
it would give me a seizure. But it's just too bizarre that
it has to be mentioned as a classic game. Because even for a game that didn't exist,
it's been a big influence. Dark Tetsuya in chat says about
Frog Fractions 2, the easiest way to get it in Glittermitten Grove is to type apostrophe butts.
I had no idea that that was the thing. So, all you have to do is type apostrophe butts,
and that's how you get into Frog Fractions 2. And SSG100Matt says,
Frog Fractions 2 is out. Now that this is cleared away, Half-Life 3 can come out.
Well, try typing apostrophe butts in a different Valve game. Try typing apostrophe butts in Dota 2
and see what happens. The new experience. Just flood the chat with butts, butts, butts,
butts. But don't blame us when you get banned. All right. We're going to take a break. We have
plenty more Orange Lounge Radio to come, though, including... Oh, and Dark Tetsuya says you don't
need the apostrophe. He was trying to put it in quotes. You just type butts. That's all you have
to... Just type butts. That should be an unlock code in every game. Can we put that on vognetwork.com
somehow if you type in butts? You get, like, loot or something.
You get a fraction of a frog. Bobby's going to hate me for even proposing that. All right.
Anyway, we're going to take a quick break. When we come back, though, we're going to have some
rapid-fire news, of course. The mailbag. I know we got some emails this week. We're going to talk
a little bit about TwitchCon. We're going to talk about an old TV show related to video gaming
coming back, and I'm very jazzed about this. I really hope they don't screw it up. Of course,
your calls at Orange Lounge Radio on Skype when we come back after this break with more of Orange
Lounge Radio. We'll be back. Welcome back, everybody, to Orange Lounge Radio Live tonight,
January the 15th of 2017, with episode number 672 of our program already in progress.
If you're just joining us live at vognetwork.com, you missed our little lively discussion on the
Nintendo Switch. I guess you'll just have to check it out on the podcast feed, which, of course,
you can do via iTunes, Google Play, or pretty much anywhere where you can get podcasts,
including vognetwork.com where the show is hosted. I want to also make sure at some point I give a
shout out to our pals, speaking of VOG, over at gamebuoy.org because they had me on their show
this week. We actually taped it like not even an hour after that Switch presentation was done,
so it was really cool that they invited me on their program. I was very happy to be there with
my pals, Captain Spike and First Mate Slidekick, and they're always very good about shouting out
OLR, so I want to make sure they get a nice, big, hearty shout out and check out their latest
episode, gamebuoy.org, called Switchmas. But if you don't want to hear any more Switch talk,
I think they have like 120 other episodes you can go back and check out instead on a variety
of topics. They did one recently on Civilization as well because I didn't realize Civilization had
hit a milestone. I mean, yes, the sixth game release, but it also had a birthday recently,
so they did a show about that. So, anyhow, check that out.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Lounge Radio at vognetwork.com,
use the passphrase number. Before we get into rapid fire news, I thought I'd bring this up
real quick. I mean, this is a heck of a question to be springing on you guys. I apologize, but
hopefully you've given this some thought at some point. But I did get a tweet earlier that had
mentioned like, hey, are you guys ever going to talk about like the best video games of 2016?
Since we kind of, you know, skipped the show at New Year's and now here we are halfway into the
first month of 2017. We kind of skipped that usual time of year when shows would talk about
this. So, I thought I would just like quickly ask, you know, so we don't neglect it completely.
Guys, what do you think was your favorite video game last year? What do you think was your
favorite video game? What do you, I guess, what was the best game? Like, if you had to look back
and say this game was the best game of 2016, what do you think you'd say? I'll start. It was,
in my opinion, the best game released in 2016 was Overwatch. I think Overwatch, the best game they
and I'm not even that big of a fan of first-person shooters, but it's, you know, it's just that great
blizzard ability to turn a genre that is not always often accessible into something that is
very easy to get into and to play. I love the diversity of the characters. And I don't even
mean that from a, you know, like sexual and country and all that stuff. Like, I just mean
the diversity of how they play. Like you have like, I mean, the first part is great too, but
I mean, like, you know, you have people that shoot rockets and, you know, every healer heals
a different way. You don't really have like copies of the same character. So it's just, it's a really
easy game to get into. And it's true. I don't play as much of it as, you know, my partner and some
of my friends, but I do own it on two different consoles. I think it's a great game and one of
the more enjoyable experiences of the year. If I had had time to put a whole list together,
you know, I was thinking about it towards the end of last year. I almost was going to put Pokemon Go
on the list. Cause I think, I think that game, you know, as much as people want to hate on its
drawbacks and yeah, you know, Pokemon Go has its drawbacks. I definitely think Pokemon Go made a
cultural impact that will look back on 2016 and say, you know, that was like the fad the summer
of 2016. And, you know, not a lot of video games get to be that. So, and I honestly, I'm still
enjoying Pokemon Go, although as a game, you can't sit here and say, it's better than Pokemon
Sun and Moon. Pokemon Sun and Moon is like an amazing handheld Pokemon game for the series.
So, you know, I think Pokemon Sun and Moon would probably be in my list somewhere, but I think my
favorite game of 2016 was probably Overwatch. And I think it was the best and like deserving of all
the game of the year awards that it's getting. Not to put you guys on the spot, but have you
thought about this at all? Loki, your, your, your best game of 2016. If we were to look back,
I don't remember what I played in 2016, honestly. I mean, I don't know. I don't even know what came
out in 2016. It's hard. You have to kind of peek at Wikipedia sometimes to kind of get a reminder.
Well, there was a lot of good stuff that came out earlier in the year too. Like I think a game
that's worthy of recognition and in most people's tops five would be like, well, in my top five be
Stardew Valley. Uh, you know, I think that was a January game, uh, for PC anyway, obviously it
came to consoles later. Yep. Didn't play it. Yeah, I know. I know. Um, dark soccer, anything
that jumps out at you as a, as the best checking the date on something. Okay. She's telling me a
second, but, um, well, what is it anyway, even if it's not 2016 specifically? Um, actually I really
enjoyed Legion. Okay. The world of Warcraft expansion. Sure. I mean, honestly, I think it's,
I think it's the best expansion they've ever done. I think I've played it pretty much to the
exclusion of a lot of other things. So, and I wish somebody would play with me. Hint, hint,
but I've really enjoyed it. I'm still playing it. I'm still digging the new classes and everything.
It really feels like a fresh game. So, okay. That's fair. I think a lot of people, I think
a lot, I think the gals from girls gone, wow, would agree with you. That's probably the best
game that came out last year. Think of anything low key or should I just move on? I don't know.
I've been playing Skyrim remastered, I guess. I mean, that's, I mean, pretty much it. I didn't
really play a whole ton of games last year. Um, I have a ton of games that I bought,
but none of them really stand out as being like really great games. So I can't,
I would have thought you might've said something related to the PlayStation VR.
I mean like until dawn Russia bless. Pretty cool. I don't know if it's like my favorite
game of last year. It's a cool experience, I guess. Um, a lot of people have been putting
rez in their year end best, which is hilarious. How old that game is. No, I'm sorry. I mean,
it's all right, but it's not, it's not like game of the year stuff. I don't know. I just didn't
really have anything. I didn't play really a lot of new games. I have a ton of some of my backlog,
but I just haven't, nothing I can think of that really like stuck out is like, oh my God,
this is so amazing. Get on it, Loki. Just kidding. All right. Let's move on and talk about some
rapid fire news. Uh, actually, actually I should go to chat and see what kind of games people have
been saying in our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Um, Maya says, Overwatch may be the best new IP
in five years. Um, let's see. Sjoan Hunter-Mats says Mighty No. 9 was up there for me. Uh,
Forza Horizon 3 is up there also. Pokemon Go also. Um, I absolutely think Forza Horizon 3 would be
in my top three and I haven't even played that much of it, but it's, it's a fucking amazing
racing game. It really is. Uh, an arcade racer, which is a genre I really enjoy. I think Forza
Horizon 3 is just one of those games. Like I really need to invest more time in. Um,
but I think it's fucking amazing. So, uh, yeah, I probably, it's very disappointed that I didn't
see a new side truck game on that, you know, switch announcement thing that would have sold
it. Unfortunately, act deft of course, shouting out a Kirby planet, Robobot and fifth dream saying
I'm playing so many fuck tons of Stardew Valley right now. Yeah. A lot of people are, a lot of
people are. All right. Let's get to some, uh, rapid fire news. Loki. Okay. Um, so much like they did
with Just Cause 2, Just Cause 3 is getting its multiplayer mod. Um, so that's going to be coming
out on Steam pretty soon, or at least the PC version. They're saying they're expecting that
to release sometime in February or March, and it's going to support over a hundred players on
its servers. And of course it opens the door for lots of craziness, including,
you know, um, racing, death match, skydiving, they're saying role playing or free roam. Um,
I just remember Just Cause 2's multiplayer with a thousand people on a server at a time. And that
was just absolute chaos and a lot of fun to play. So I will have to check this out. I don't know if
I'm in this laptop cause Just Cause 3 doesn't run very well and I still have this on a PS4. So
that's one of those games in my backlog that I got to go back and play. That and Watch Dogs 2,
another one. Um, another thing, uh, that can actually dust off my PlayStation VR for would
be Dirt Rally. It's going to be adding PlayStation VR support on the PlayStation 4 version. That's
going to be coming some point soon. So to check it out when that comes out, cause I'm all for
more, uh, PSVR stuff. They're saying though that here's the thing that's kind of annoying though.
Um, it's being added as a download only for $12.99. So you have to, um, oh, I guess so. Okay. So the
PlayStation VR version is $12.99. It's being sold as a standalone for UK, I guess they're adding,
um, support. Hmm. Hmm. You know, there's a version of a Dirt that just came out for free on the
Humble store. It was free over the weekend. I think it's done now. Yeah. I think I already
had that. I saw that and I didn't really bother to pick it up because I'm pretty sure I have it.
And if I don't, do I really need another game to go into my massive backlog of games that I'm
probably never going to play? All right. Well, moving on to talk about a place where you're
probably not playing Pokemon Go and that's China because China is not allowing Pokemon Go, which
first off, if you're listening to this show in China, um, you should let us know. Cause I, my,
I'm just, I just assume it's banned. Um, but who knows? Uh, anyhow, uh, Pokemon Go is, uh,
not out in China and it's probably not coming out anytime soon. The official censorship body in
China has said it's not going to license any augmented reality game. So that would include
Ingress or anything else that comes to the table later on, which by the way, very surprised there
has not been a, you know, a level Pokemon Go competitor released before the holiday.
It was very surprised about that. But anyway, uh, they want to determine they being the censorship
body, if they're a danger to personal safety and national security. Um, probably not fans of people
walking around government landmarks, trying to catch a Pikachu. Not necessarily that South Korea
also doesn't allow it because they have no virtual mapping a lot of the country, uh, due to relations
with North Korea. Interesting. Hmm. Uh, I thought, but I thought they had it in South Korea. Nope.
Only in one tiny town. Okay. Interesting. All right. Uh, so anyway, yeah, uh, that's really
what it boils down to. They probably do not want you wandering into places that you're not supposed
to be just to find that must have Pokemon. So anyhow, um, we'll see if that changes at some
point, but I imagine Niantic would have to hardwire some things into it for that to change.
Um, even though we mentioned at the top of the show, I had it bookmarked here to mention the
awesome games done quick marathon, uh, raised a lot of money for the prevent cancer foundation
$2.2 million. And they raised most of that in the last day. That was a pretty impressive
thing to watch. And I actually did watch, um, a good chunk of the marathon yesterday. I saw,
uh, quite a bit of, uh, well, I watched the entire undertale. I watched a good chunk of
super Metroid and saw quite a bit of the Zelda Wind Waker too. So I was, I was watching a lot
of that on the last day, uh, could have done without some of the commentary during, during
super Metroid. If you all saw that, um, you might know what I'm referring to. I thought that was
pretty tasteless. And, um, I hope, uh, the AGDQ folks will take into consideration the need to,
uh, maybe screen people or, or give people some type of little training about what to say when
they have a mic in front of their face and lots of people, uh, watching for a charitable foundation.
But that negativity aside, um, I thought the undertale run and I'm not even super into
undertale, like a lot of people, but I thought that was a lot of fun to watch. Um, and the guy
that was streaming, it was obviously really into it. And you know, the crowd went wild when they
passed the 2 million mark. And at the end of the day, that was a really great, uh, amount of money
that they raised for charity. Uh, and I, I like these gamers doing good type of stories. I think
this, this, uh, this story that shows that our community can raise all this money for a good
cause, I think does, uh, the gaming community, a lot of good. So, um, congrats to everybody who
are involved, who were involved. Um, Dark Sakura, what do you have for us? Some stuff.
We have, um, some more games getting backwards compatibility on Xbox One. It's, uh, Bad Company
2, Battlefield 3, and Dragon Age Origins, which, uh, yay, maybe. I'd like to see, uh, how Dragon
Age Origins ends up looking. Um, you can get them from the marketplace or use the disc. Also, um,
Final Fantasy 7 Remake and Kingdom Hearts 3, they're still gonna be a while. Um,
they actually don't have a particular date on them. Just says that they're going to be
quite a bit longer to, to finish production, according to Nomura. That's it. So maybe not
going to release in 2017 as we were thinking, especially that Final Fantasy 7 Remake. Probably
not. Hmm. We'll see. All right. Let's travel around the world and check out what gaming
releases are coming out this week. Although January is not always the most exciting month.
Loki, do we have anything? Yeah, it's not a whole ton of stuff coming out, but we've got, um,
Altair Chalet Plus, the Alchemist of Dust Sea that's coming out on Vita, and Fate,
Exstella, the Umbral Star on PlayStation 4 and Vita, and then Birthdays, The Beginning
on PlayStation 4, Valkyria Revolution on PlayStation 4, Vita, and Xbox One,
and Dragon Quest VIII, Journey of the Cursed King on 3DS, and Gravity Rush 2 on PlayStation 4,
and let's see, Urban Empire on PC, and then finally about,
on that Sunday, Dawn Braben Cricket 17 on PC. All right. Well, traveling to Japan, um,
it's, you know, they've, they've got a few big releases this week in Japan, actually,
um, starting with Gravity Days 2, which over here would be Gravity Rush 2 releases on the PlayStation
4 this week in Japan. Um, so I know a lot of people looking forward to that. So that is a
release this week. Uh, also that Altair game that, uh, uh, Loki was earlier referring to also getting
its, uh, Japanese release this week. Um, Aoki Kakume no Valkyria comes out this week, uh, on
the PlayStation 4 in Japan from Sega. So I'm trying to see if that's, oh, yeah, that's,
that's exactly what it is. Azure Revolution Valkyria. Now, is that related to the Valkyria
Chronicles games? I'm assuming it has to be. So that would be kind of neat. Uh, but that is out
in Japan this week. Uh, then Birthdays, The Beginning also out in Japan. Uh, that is all
again on the PlayStation 4, the PlayStation Vita, also seeing that same Altair game, the Valkyria
game and the Aoki Kakume no Valkyria, uh, excuse me, same game there, just written two different
ways. Uh, but there's also another game in Japan this week, uh, on the Vita. Hana Oboro Sengoku
Den Ranky comes out in regular and limited editions this week on the Vita. Quickly taking a
look to see if anything is hitting the 3DS this week. Um, oh yeah, that, oh no, that's, uh, the
U.S. Uh, there is just, uh, Pucci and Yoshi's Woolly World. Well, that's still pretty exciting
on the 3DS this week. And of course, Amiibo! Plentiful to go with that. So, check it out.
Darth Sakura. For release dates in the UK, just a few. On the 17th, we have She Remembered
Caterpillars for Mac and PC. On the 18th, Gravity Rush 2 for PlayStation 4. And on the 20th, for
3DS, Dragon Quest VIII. I'm excited to play Dragon Quest VIII again. I like VIII better than VII,
even though I do have VII on the 3DS. I'm just really excited to play VIII again. VIII has some
great characters, great music. Excited. All right, uh, let's do some more news stories.
We're going to be taking your calls in about 20 minutes or so at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word
on Skype. Oh, but before we get to stories, sorry, it's that time of the show where we get to the
mailbag. I always miss it. I always miss it because it's in a different color. You can't
log into the mail? Nope, it's not working. Like, we're not working how? Internal server error.
Is it that same problem we were having a couple weeks ago? I don't remember because that was
happening when I wasn't here. Hold on a minute, because everything still auto-forwards to my
email, so I can forward these two real quick. Why don't we have Loki do a story and we'll circle
back to the mailbag in a minute while we work this out in a great live radio fashion. All right,
so Steam's reached a new milestone of 14 million concurrent users. That's right, so that's the
first time they've hit that mark in 13 years, and I guess that you're saying that it happened,
I was about 14,207,039. We're all on the same time. Of course, the highest played games for
that big period, Dota 2, Counter-Strike Global Offensive, Grand Theft Auto 5, which I really
need to pick up. Once I get a PC, they can run it better. Ark Survival Evolved, Team Fortress 2,
still pretty high up there. Garry's Mod, man, I'm surprised that's even up there that far.
Rocket League, Football Manager, Rust, and Arma 3. Yeah, so that's pretty awesome. And then,
of course, not sure about any other stats for Steam as far as, I know this year they've,
what was it, 2016 saw the growth in Steam has been ridiculous. 40% of the games on Steam
total came in 2016, which is ridiculous. And of course, a lot of those not necessarily being that
great, but through the whole Steam Greenlight process. And my Steam library is still really
huge, despite the fact that I haven't played a game on Steam in a very long time. Right?
Seriously. Yes. I think last I checked, let me take a look here real quick. Last I checked,
I think I had almost over 500 games, which is ridiculous. Let's see here. It was,
what do we got here? Too many. 523. Four of which are VR, which I don't have anything for VR.
Oh, hey, one of the things we forgot to talk about, while we were gone, the other thing
that was kind of going on with CES, and they had a lot of kind of neat stuff coming out of CES,
including new VR headsets, which I guess I want to say it was HP that was selling those,
so there's going to be some more affordable headsets coming out pretty soon. And then,
did anyone see that really trippy, like some of their prototype laptop displays or something like
that? I know that they had one that was like a triple monitor setup, which is ridiculous,
because that thing takes up, I don't even know how that would be practical. I mean,
I guess you would use that on a desktop or something, but then what's the point of having
a laptop at that point? But there are some of those laptops, they had one that was like a $9,000
laptop that was like dual, a dual GPU laptop. They had two full size 1080 Nvidia cards, and
it only had a disposable income of, or spare $9,000 for something like that.
And Brad from Pod Culture said it was stolen from the booth.
Yeah, yeah, the triple display was stolen from the booth, despite the fact that it doesn't really
work. So imagine that thing wasn't collapsible in any way, so that part of it wasn't working at all.
So you had to have walked out with this ginormous scream. I mean, how would someone not notice that?
Just a really fluffy jacket.
You look like you have bat wings or something like, I'm the Batman.
Oh, William Ritterface says two of them got stolen. Oh, well.
Oh, fantastic.
One under each arm. All right, anyway. All right, so I think we found a workaround for the mailbag,
right? I forwarded because I still get copied to those on my personal account. So
hopefully, all right, Dark Soccer is going to dive into the mailbag.
If I don't die.
Which you guys can email us, of course, every week. Participate at OrangeLoungeRedo.com.
And you will notice, come hell or high water, we'll dig those emails out of the oblivion
to share with you on the show via Dark Soccer. Dark Soccer, what's on deck tonight?
Hello, people. When I do dress up for Halloween, I wear a kigurumi.
Not only is a kigurumi a supremely easy costume to put on, but also a kigurumi is something that
I know my nieces will find to be delightful, which is my aim. Sure, some adults think a
kigurumi looks weird, and I don't care because my nieces find it delightful. Also, adults suck.
I prefer to wear a red panda kigurumi because it has a tail on the back, which I use to smack
my nieces in the face. Something they also find to be delightful. Maybe you shouldn't
hit your nieces in the face, actually. Another one that I'm going to be, the next one I'm
buying is a red panda. I see. Additionally, after your two and a half hour knot ad for
Stroopwafel, I decided to go to my local state-run liquor store to buy some.
Note I said tried. Whether it was due to high demand or purposeful institutionalized incompetence,
I was unable to find any of the tasty fuck-me-up juice that Sky and Dark Sakura seem to enjoy so much.
Okay, if you can't find it, you just take a regular waffle and just, you know, run it through
like a coffee filter. It has nothing to do with actual waffles. Well, then I really don't care
about it at all. It kind of tastes like a waffle to me, but I think the minute he said state-run
liquor store, I was like, it wasn't there. We have a place, I don't know how many-
ABC back in Alabama.
We have a place called Total Wine that has a lot of imports. It's not just wine,
they have a lot of import stuff. That's like the only place here where you can get it.
The one by my house is ordering me for Volona. I'm so happy.
Oh, really? That's funny.
Instead, I got some apricot hefeweizen, another kind of tasty fuck-me-up juice that I enjoy so
much. Staycare, retertainment trainer. The hefeweizen, I've only had one hefeweizen that I
like, and that's the pyramid hefeweizen.
I'm still bitter at the fact that my wife got rid of a waffle maker that we had a long time ago.
She just gave it away. I'm like, why? We could have had waffles.
You should have asked her for a new one for Christmas. I mean,
I guess you'll have to wait a year at this point.
I can just go buy one.
Yeah, just go buy one. You're an idiot.
I want a deep fryer as well, but she doesn't want me to have that.
You used to have a deep fryer.
I did, and it was shit, but they have the nice ones now with the baskets and all the fun stuff.
Oh, yeah, it'll be fun. Make fries at home. It'll be fun.
All right.
Well, it's delicious, and maybe we'll put the brand up somewhere
in a not-ad for the Stroopwafel Liqueur.
I'm gonna take a bottle with me to every con I go to from here on out. That'll be the thing.
Meet Rob Robertson. Drink Stroopwafel, because it's fucking good.
The official booze of Orange Andrade.
Hi, Orange Andrade. I've been a big fan since your live 365 days.
That's a long time ago. Thank you.
For over 10 years, I've been listening on and off to the three of you,
Sky Loki and Dark Sakura, to talk about video games,
the gaming lifestyle, and gaming culture, along with everything else in between.
I have a question for the three of you.
One, Sky, how do you manage to juggle multiple podcasts? I have to know.
Well, it helps when three of them are on break right now.
I haven't been doing them all regularly.
But Rob uses a time turner.
Well, I definitely know there are plans to do a new season of guys on the show.
And then, of course, once Drag Race is back for season nine,
which should be in March or April, Reading Is Fundamental will start up again.
Poke Stop podcast, I'm gonna be honest with you guys, that's in a little bit of a zone right now.
Shane and I have talked about it recently.
We'll see. It might be a monthly thing or something, but I'll let you know.
What about guys on the show?
No, I just said we're definitely going to do another season of guys on the show.
In fact, I know the first topic is going to be about vacations,
because we just took a big one.
So we are going to talk about all that stuff.
So there will be another season of guys on the show, for sure.
But as far as the other stuff.
But anyway, I look at it as like a hobby that you just dedicate certain nights of the week to.
Like this, we do this every Sunday night, and it's been that way for 15 years.
Yes, there are sometimes cases where we don't make it,
but a lot of people in their lives make room for church every Sunday night.
Not that I'm trying to equate this show to church.
No, you heathen.
I'm not going to do that.
But I'm saying a gathering of people at a time and place
that you suddenly make a part of your lifestyle.
That's what it takes to keep doing this show regularly.
So for some people, it's a bowling league on Tuesday nights,
or D&D on Saturday afternoons or something.
You know what I mean?
That's how I am able to do the podcast,
is I just have to set a time and say, okay, this is my hobby.
Also, the fact that I never get out to the movies anymore,
or watch any TV or stuff, that kind of helps,
because there's a lot of stuff that I'm just really clueless on
when it comes to nerd culture, because I don't follow.
Like Game of Thrones, I've never seen an episode.
Same thing with Walking Dead, never seen an episode.
I've watched some on YouTube.
A lot of those big nerd shows, never seen an episode.
If it's on Netflix, it's a better chance that I will have seen it at some point.
I did finally start watching Black Mirror.
I like that.
That's pretty good.
I want to watch Legion.
Legion.
The Marvel Universe one.
Oh, okay.
I haven't watched Jessica Jones or any...
I haven't watched any of the Netflix stuff.
You are coming over and watching all of it.
Daredevil, none of it.
Luke Cage, none of it.
Who cares about Daredevil?
Lemony Snicket.
No, I haven't watched it yet.
I saw the movie years ago, but I hear this is probably much different.
It's awesome.
The fact that Neil Patrick Harris is a...
Neil Patrick Harris is fantastic.
And plus, not only does it have Neil Patrick Harris,
it also has Patrick Warburton as Lemony Snicket, which is awesome.
And then the two parents, Will Arnett as the father and then the mother.
I don't remember the actress's name, but she was the one that played...
God, I can fucking see her face, but I can't remember her name.
She was in How I Met Your Mother.
She was also in Avengers.
Alison Hannigan?
No, How I Met Your Mother.
Um, the Canadian girl.
Oh, Robin Sparkles?
Yes.
Okay.
I don't know her.
I don't know her actual name.
I just know her.
So she's...
Let's go to the mall.
Yeah, I just can't remember her name.
But yeah, she's...
Cobie Smolders.
That's what JD says.
Uh, maybe.
Yeah, but she's played some other and just the cast is fantastic.
Good.
So second question.
Real quick, I just want to say some folks in chat saying Jessica Jones is real good.
And I'm sure these shows are good.
Just because I don't watch them doesn't mean they're not good.
But I just...
I don't...
I don't have time.
I challenge everyone who's seen Jessica Jones and never read Alias to get off your ass and
go read Alias first.
All right.
But different from the ABC show Alias.
No, the comic's so good.
All right.
Even better than the series.
Next question from the email.
Let me finish eating my chocolate.
Well, now you want me to keep talking.
Y'all made me wait.
Now it's time for you to wait.
Um, two.
Loki, as a father and someone who games, how do you find time to play games?
Just curious.
I have a 10 and a half week old and I'm still learning to establish a schedule.
Pretty difficult, but it is what it is.
He doesn't.
Uh, yes, pretty much.
No, I have to wait until everybody is asleep.
And then I stay way too late and wake up way too early.
Other times I get to play games are when I pacify them with other things.
So like my oldest son will go play games now in his room with the tablet and he'll go
watch Minecraft and play Minecraft and won't shut up about Minecraft.
And then his tablet will, he'll put the tablet away while my other son take a nap and played
on the Wii U where he watches videos of Minecraft and plays Minecraft and will shut up about
Minecraft.
We just bought another Minecraft book last night, so I don't know why I'm encouraging
this, but did you see they're putting Minecraft on the switch?
Minecraft's on everything, so it's not a big deal.
But like, I don't know, he bought, we bought him a book.
It's like an idea book type thing for Minecraft.
It's the construction guy.
They have like four of these essential guys or whatever.
So he has the essential one already.
And then he has, now it's the builder's guide, which kind of gives you, it's kind of cool.
It gives you like ideas for like roller coasters and stuff like that.
So I mean, I think it's pretty neat.
Um, and you know, he just talks about like all these mods and stuff in Minecraft.
And so like, I don't have any idea what the hell he's talking about.
Yes, I know these, these mods exist.
He's like, have you heard, have you seen the, you know, seer TNT?
It's like, it's a mod.
I just, I don't care.
I really don't care that you're telling me about all these things.
I know he wants to share, but he doesn't, like, it's literally just constant vomit of
information of Minecraft mods that I don't give a shit about.
But yeah, the fine time, what I've been doing now, like, cause my wife is hogging the TV
still, like she'll just like watch TV just to watch TV.
She can run out of shows.
Like she just got done with House.
And so we've been watching Lemony Second a couple times.
She's been watching just because she watched House and there was the woman, the actress
that plays Cuddy in House has another show.
The Girlfriend's Guide to Divorce or some shit that she's watching that I'm being
subjected to.
So I've been playing on the PlayStation VR, um, using just the 2D screen mode to play
games since I don't have a screen to play on.
So that's how I get time.
And it's usually very distracting because, um, if I'm playing while everybody's awake,
I get bothered by people.
Like if I have the VR headset on, my son wakes up from nap.
He's like going, daddy, what are you doing?
Daddy, what are you doing?
What are you doing, daddy?
It's like fucking.
And then the cat like tries to get up in there too.
It's like, get the fuck off me, you stupid cat.
I'm trying to like play this game.
She's like in front of my face.
I'm like, I will say this right now.
All of that is why I don't have kids.
Nope, but I have a cat.
Aren't they precious?
I have a cat and she fucks off.
Fine.
The kids are fine.
If I put a TV show on for my one kid and give the tablet to the other kid, they don't bother
me.
All right.
That was that.
That was me, but it was a Commodore 64.
And look, look at me now.
Your kids might turn out like me someday.
Exactly.
I'd be fine with it, but he doesn't want to try like Mario or any of the hard games.
He isn't like anything is challenging.
I'm not doing it.
Sounds American.
All right.
Anyway, next part of the email.
The ones for me.
Oh, dark Sakura.
What's your criteria to meet the classic game of the week?
My two personal recommendations would be lightning force.
It's spelled like this for the US market, which I know.
And Onimusha two or three.
Forgive my grammar and the sentence as I know I'll get eviscerated.
Your grammar was actually decent.
Criteria one.
It's not Halo.
True.
Criteria one.
It's not Halo.
Criteria two, 10 years or older.
And preferably not something that's utter shit unless it's so much utter shit.
Oh my God.
Criteria three.
Something you randomly thought about on Sunday morning before the show.
I do.
I'm on Saturday night.
Have you done?
Well, actually, because I can't remember.
Have you done Derby owners club as a classic game of the week?
I think I have.
I don't think you have, because I think I have.
I think that game only recently, right?
That game only recently turned like final three long.
What, Horsey Humping?
Yeah.
But we've talked about Derby owners club a lot because of you made Politary.
And don't forget this year, I think next week will be the first classic system of the week.
So, you know, now that you asked about the formula, we have to shake up the formula this
year.
She just did a game that didn't even exist.
Got to keep you all on your toes somehow in year 15.
So she can do Half-Life 3 as a classic game of the week?
No, because it's not older than 10 years.
At least the Polybust thing goes back to 1981.
So there is that.
Although it's coming up.
How far back does the Half-Life 3 thing go?
It's almost 10 years.
Anyway, anything else on that email?
Yes, but we've already answered that one.
Finally, I have to know your overall thoughts on the Nintendo Switch.
Are you sold on it yet?
Will you three hold off until more games are announced?
The answer, by the way, is yes to all of it.
Just spread amongst us.
Thanks so much.
I'm taking the time to read my email.
Skye, I'm sorry I missed you at MagFest last Saturday.
I wish I could have talked to you more in person to pick your brain about gaming and
just life in general.
Take care, guys.
Keep up the awesome work.
Tristan, AKA...
I will fight my way onto a panel next year so I at least can say go to xballroom at ytime
and say hi.
AKA DCB Needle Crash.
Oh, they were in chat earlier.
So, all right.
Cool.
Thanks.
Thanks for being a long time listener.
A last email is...
Oh, the crap.
People don't message me during the show and I'm like, don't message me during the show.
That's what I do.
I'm not even seeing who it is.
So hold on.
Okay.
I'll look at it during a break or something.
But, you know, if I take 40 minutes to respond, you realize a little notification on my bottom
and then I have to go and change it to get the notification to stop.
And it's annoying.
Oh, I just ignore.
I just let it blink until I'm damn good.
Well, it annoys me.
Okay.
I can't let it sit and blink at me.
It's got to get checked.
Shit's got to get checked.
If I were to look at your phone right now, how many unread mails do you have?
That's you.
And you know what?
My work email, my inbox is always empty.
I have 13 unread emails right now.
Girl.
All right.
Here's an interesting article that can make the show roll.
Oh.
Published in PLOS Computational Biology, researchers applied widely used neuroscience
approaches to analyze the classic games console Atari 2600, which runs the video game Donkey Kong
and found that such approaches do not meaningfully describe how the console's microprocessor really
works.
And then the comment, it's funny.
They chose Donkey Kong too.
So it's okay.
It's using a classic game system to improve the to improve the understanding of the brain.
Okay, cool.
So like, like the way that our brain responds to situations in certain games.
Interesting.
Hold on.
Um, I'm trying to find the more information about it.
Give me a second.
Since humans designed this, this is a quote from here.
Since humans designed this processor from the transistor all the way up to the software,
we know how it works at every level.
And we have an intuition for what it means to understand the system.
Our goal was to highlight some of the deficiencies in understanding
that arise when applying contemporary and analytic techniques to big data, data sets
of computing systems.
So something like, uh, let's see deficiencies.
You need more than six weeks to make an E.T. game.
That would have been one deficiency of the Atari
You need more than four kilobytes to make an arcade perfect translation of Pac-Man.
That would be one deficiency, right?
Oh, I don't know if it quite means that, but, um, but their final thing is with careful
thought, uh, current big data approaches to neuroscience may not live up to their promise
or succeed in advancing the field.
Progress requires better experiments, theories, and data analysis approaches.
So basically computers versus brains.
Brains win.
Brains are still an completely comprehensible.
So, uh, fifth dream in chat, if you thought 13 was a lot of unread emails, fifth dream
in chat says I have over 500,000 unread emails.
I don't, I want to see the receipts.
Where's the screenshot kind of 500,000.
Um, actually maybe in my Yahoo account, I have that many unread emails, but that's kind
of like my spam dump ground.
And as I understand it, foreign countries have probably read all those emails by now.
Anyway, I recently cleaned out my Yahoo account because that's where my, um, some of my Amazon
notifications just go, which by the way, Amazon, you didn't fucking notify me when the switch
went available, despite the fact that I've marked that specifically it did twice on that
it went for sale twice in neither time.
So what's the point of having a button to notify you if they're never going to notify
you, you kind of missed the point there.
All right.
If you want to email us in a future week, that was the last one, right?
Yes.
Participate at orange lounge radio.com.
If you want to email us in a future week, uh, in the meantime, let's get back to some
gaming news.
And I think I have the next story here that talks about windows 10 and a new game mode
that is going to be coming out very soon for windows 10.
In fact, I believe it's coming out in this next week.
Uh, yes, the insider preview program will be seeing windows 10 game mode this week.
Now you're not going to see this fully functional until a later release of windows 10, but this
is supposed to help tune your PC to speed up gaming performance for both legacy windows
games and modern titles.
I believe this was something about how, um, it's supposed to dedicate more of the processing
basically to gaming.
And so it's like more of your system is dedicated to the gaming, sort of like you would see
in a console environment.
So in a little less on the multitasking abilities.
Um, anyway, that's one update of several things to come in 2017, uh, live streaming through
beam is supposed to be something that's going to be a big centerpiece on the platforms,
uh, moving into 2017.
Uh, so it'd be interesting to see how that competition with Twitch works, by the way,
I started a beam channel.
Um, and you know, for the most part, it's been just very similar to broadcasting on
Twitch, except, you know, there's less people on beam right now, but I do, I still really
like the whole interactive approach where, you know, people are earning currency as they
watch your stream and then they can dump sound clips on your stream or depending on the game
you're playing, they can actually influence the game.
I kind of like that next level where beam's going.
I got to say, you know, no matter how you might feel about Microsoft.
Uh, anyhow, also some other things happening on Xbox one, you're going to see an always
available guide with faster access to game recording and music controls and achievement
tracking overlay, a new look for Cortana and a gamer score leader board.
So lots of stuff to look forward to in the coming year on the Microsoft platforms.
Uh, let's see, William murder face and chat over at live.vognetwork.com says, while I
am intrigued, Microsoft has so far failed to impress me with their previous attempts
at helping PC gamers.
We'll see.
I'm intrigued too.
And we'll see what develops with this game mode and you know, what games actually utilize
it.
Uh, moving on dark Sakura.
Twitch Con is moving.
It's going to be in late October and they're moving to, uh, long beach.
Um, if I am right, I think, yeah, this is the long beach convention center.
Um, that I think is the same one.
The AX is at anime expo.
Um, cause it's gotten huge apparently.
So enjoy it.
If you want to go there.
Boy, everybody's just shitting on San Diego this week.
This is the second thing to move to LA area from San Diego.
No, actually Twitch Con the first year was in San Francisco.
Yes, it was.
I went for a day and it was, it was interesting.
I'd be down to go into Twitch Con again.
It's just the end of the year is so many conventions, but this year there won't be the final fantasy
thing.
So yeah, who knows?
Who knows?
And, uh, I, they haven't said if there's going to be a gamer X this year.
I don't know where that stands.
Um, and this past year in 2016 gamer X and Twitch Con with the same weekend, which meant
I couldn't do both.
So, uh, we'll see how the calendar works out this year.
So, all right.
Uh, moving on, uh, Loki, just a couple more stories that we're going to get to the skype
line at orange lounge radio.
Okay.
So apparently someone saw that there was this, um, post on Craigslist.
It's a, for a casting call for a show from the makers of catfish, the TV series called
beyond the keyboard.
They're looking for, um, people who like to troll fake gamer girls or who are sick of
fake gamer girls and booby streamers, and also who, uh, want to come, uh, confront phony
gamers face to face and show them what geek culture is really about.
And also not limited to, you know, other such topics, which you fiercely disagree with,
including feminism, gaming, vegans, conspiracy theories, rival sports teams, Syrian refugees,
immigration, black lives matter, LGBT slash trans issues, et cetera.
My God is this not a fucking completely obvious troll the troll show.
That's going to be happening where it's dumpster fire television where it's basically,
Oh, Hey, you thought you were on a show that was going to be making fun of these people,
but really they're confronting the trolls and we're going to teach you a lesson.
Like see them all exposed.
Didn't, didn't they have a show like that already?
Didn't they have a thing where like, uh, the people that they talk shit about online
would then like meet them.
It was called like, it was on, it was on the CW, which should say enough right there.
It was called a hater.
It was H eight E R and it was people that would like, uh, say things like, I fucking
hate Snooki and she sucks.
And did all this stuff.
Cause like, this is the level of celebrity of the show.
Like that gets is like Snooki and shit.
Right.
So the same people that star on celebrity apprentice.
So then, um, uh, Snooki will like confront the person and be like, how could you say
that shit about me?
You know, and this is, it's dumpster fire TV.
Like there's just, there's no other, it's dumpster.
It's a floating in the ocean dumpster fire.
Give these human pieces of shit in the attention.
It's not for them.
It's the come up.
That's what it is.
And it's not even like, they're not even getting paid for it, which is kind of seriously funny,
but I mean, anybody that actually is dumb enough to believe that this is what this actually
is, that you're going on a show to make fun of people.
You are a fucking retard.
I mean, it's just, maybe you should go, maybe you should go on the show.
You know what?
I can go on any show whatsoever.
If you're going to have me confront people that I'm calling names to, I will call the
names to their face.
I don't fucking care at all.
If I say you're a fucking retard, I'm going to tell you that to your face.
It's not going to make me all of a sudden, you know, sorry.
Nintendo, I'll be with Reggie.
Reggie, what the fuck is wrong with your stupid company and their goddamn network?
I mean, can you fucking figure out internet for once?
You know what the internet is, right?
Okay.
I mean, I don't have a problem talking to him.
Fifth Dream in chat says, I think Sky is full of BS, gets to meet him on TV.
No, I wouldn't subject myself to dumpster fire TV, but I would subject myself to this.
Let's end on a positive note here because this is cool.
Shout factory is going to be doing a reboot of the infamous eighties game show.
Starrcade.
Yes.
And I am officially throwing my hat in the ring.
I want to host this show.
So fucking bad.
Like, what do I have to do?
Who do I, who do I have to blow?
Who do I have to like, what do I have to do to host the new Starrcade?
Chris Hardwick.
I can do that.
I can fucking do that wall.
What's that bouncy ball Plinko shit thing he's hosting on NBC.
Now I can do that.
Anyway, shout factory is, uh, has acquired the rights to Starrcade and they are going
to bring it back.
And, um, they are also the company behind the new mystery science theater 3000.
Uh, it's, uh, they've acquired the worldwide television format and ancillary rights to
this, and they're planning to develop a retro boot, uh, a quote here.
Starrcade is a classic game show from the eighties and is pure nostalgic fun.
We couldn't be more excited to work with the original.
So creators to retro boots, Starrcade for a new generation is going to be like, is it
going to look like the old episodes?
Like that'd be fantastic.
As we continue to actively expand our reach into production and development for new series,
movies, and scripted shows and specials.
This deal exemplifies the type of content we plan to pursue, which taps into the interests
and passions of our company's loyal fan base.
A shop factory is going to work directly with JN production company who made the original
show, uh, to create a version of this where celebrities.
Again, probably people like Snooki, uh, e-sports professionals and pro gaming types will compete
to see who is the top gamer on the planet.
Why not just normal people or, you know, the whole point is just normal people.
If this is like a retro boot type of thing, like my assumption is when I read into that,
that maybe there'll be playing classic games.
Like obviously there's an interest out there in classic gaming.
Look what just happened with the classic Nintendo.
Look at awesome games done quick.
Most of those games they play on there are very old.
I think there'd be a lot of people that would be like really into scene.
I would love a show that's awesome.
Awesome games done quick.
The show, you know, every, every like day would be like, um, you know, a few hours or
something like that, or they're going to have like an hour long show, have multi-part shows
for like, you know, games are going to take like three hours or something, but that would
be awesome.
I would totally watch that.
Uh, SSU 100 Matt says, Rob, did you get a chance to see the magfest game show thing?
They did a spirited revival of the game show Nick arcade.
No, I didn't, but I did see a gaming jeopardy.
I went to a thing where they were playing jeopardy and, um, I'm gonna, I'm gonna probably
bid to do some type of game show thing at magwest.
Cause in my career in teaching, we do games like jeopardy, like weakest link or those
types of games.
Like we do that all the time.
So I'm, I want to do a jeopardy panel.
So I'm gonna, I'm gonna throw my hat into the ring for that, at least for magwest and
see what happens.
So I think it'd be fun.
Game shows are fun, but I would really want to host this new Starrcade OMG.
SSU 100 Matt says, Rob just wants to host a game show.
Hell yeah.
That was, that was my dream in the fourth grade was to be a game show host.
Bob Barker was my idol.
He still is in many ways.
I love Bob Barker, national treasure.
Anyway.
Yet another celebrity that survived 2016.
Thank God.
Don't forget to spay and neuter your pets.
All right.
That's it.
We're going to skype line.
One eight seven seven game OLR username on skype, orange lounge radio, all one word.
Uh, you can give us a call and, uh, we'll talk about anything we've talked about so
far tonight.
I'm sure some of y'all have something to say on the switch, but if there's something we
miss too, we can talk about that as well.
I've got something to say.
What's that Logie?
So going back to what Reggie said, how there's going to be plenty of switch available at
launch.
GameStop has already sold out of their switch allocation and won't have any more until
after launch.
Womp womp.
I'm just waiting to get the cancel notices from the other companies as well.
But anyway, we've got a call coming in, so let's get to it.
Hi, you're on orange launch radio.
Who's this?
Hello.
Hey guys.
Hi there.
How's it going?
Oh my gosh.
There's two of you here.
Hi.
Hello.
Who is this?
Hey, it's DT and gamer girl.
Hey guys.
How you doing?
Good.
Doing well.
Good to see you both.
What's on your mind tonight?
Um, we were, well, he showed me, um, one of the shadow run, shadow run returns.
Yeah.
And I really liked it cause I've never played anything like it.
And I really liked it.
It reminded me of X-com a little bit.
I have not played shadow run returns yet, but back to Kickstarter, I have the game and
it sits with the rest of my steam library.
Shame on you.
I even have the expansion.
I'm glad someone out there is playing it when you, uh, when you're failing.
I do want to play it.
I liked shadow run.
I liked the old SES, uh, shadow run game.
Yeah.
Well, good.
I'm glad you guys are enjoying it there.
Oh yeah.
Do you guys watch any of the awesome games done quick?
A little bit.
Yeah.
He actually started getting me into it cause I've never heard of them until the other
day.
So I was just really happy.
Like, well, I thought it was pretty cool.
Yeah.
I mean, super Metroid is like my favorite game of all time as you all well know.
Uh, and watching the speed run of it is just always so much fun.
And it's like, even it goes so fast.
I'm always kind of like, and every year I'm like that you can do that in that game.
I never realized that.
Of course they do anything different each year in that.
Like, do they like up their straps or anything?
Like, uh, some years they'll do an any percent run.
Some years they'll do a hundred percent run.
This year was a race, a hundred percent run.
So four people did it all at once and they had to collect a hundred percent of the items.
And I think the winning time was like an hour and 22 minutes.
Don't quote me on that, but I think it was something like that.
It was less than that.
It was like an hour and 16.
Wow.
Yeah, 16.
But yeah, I mean, it's cool to see like four people doing it at once because you know,
the two on the left side were neck and neck throughout the whole thing.
And they were only like seconds apart in the, in it.
And then one of the guys who was like in the upper right, like just made a boo boo,
like mistakes happen.
If you miss one jump, you miss one thing and it put the guy like four minutes behind everybody
else is just unfortunate.
But that's, that's the nature of speed running sometimes is that you, if you make one mistake,
it's, you know, or as somebody else was saying, is that if you die in the Super Metroid run,
it's over because you don't have time to save.
You, you can't just run to a save room and save your game.
That takes too long.
So it's quicker because it was coming down here.
Did anyone get killed during the run?
No, no, but everybody lived through the run.
Oh, okay.
And the previous run, some people didn't make it out.
And save the animals one, which kill one last year, if I remember right, and save one this
year.
And it's probably less frames to save the animals than it is to save the game.
So, you know, that's, uh, I don't think it was that big a waste.
And I did look, I looked carefully for that little dot that flies off the planet when
you save the animals.
Cause in my opinion, that's the big reward, uh, for the save the animals folk.
It says, I see the dot.
I did it.
My donations made that dot appear four times.
Anyway, um, what do you guys think on the switch?
You guys, uh, going to be getting a switch or not so into it or what?
I'm kind of iffy right now, just because I don't really see too many games that I want
yet.
So I'm going to wait.
Plus I never, I, I have a five rule or five game rule.
If there's five games that I like, then I usually get the system.
But if not, then I don't.
That way I feel like it's not a waste of money for me.
It's honestly not a bad rule.
And considering the system is only launching with five games, going to be pretty hard to
meet that rule day one, but it's not for me.
It's three, but, but yes, I think a lot of people have a rule like that.
And what that always goes back to the old, uh, golden rule of gaming here at OLR.
A system is only as good as the games that are on it, right?
Yep.
I'll probably try and get one by holiday cause all the other games will be out by then.
Yeah.
We'll see how the conversation shifts during E3.
That's for sure.
Definitely.
I'm definitely picking up, um, Breath of the Wild though for Wii, for the Wii U.
Oh yeah.
I've been waiting for that one forever.
How could you not after that trailer?
That was, uh,
Oh, there's boys acting all right.
Me too.
Like the Zelda crying thing was so like, whoa.
Like, you know, uh, yeah, it was just, it was very powerful.
I'm excited.
So, but I, I have a, I have a feeling Zelda's not just going to cry.
Zelda's going to be a bad-ass like she always, I'm hoping, I'm hoping.
So, all right.
Oh, I'm definitely getting that too.
It also reminds me of, um, oh, I can't think of the name of the game.
Nino?
No, not Nino.
Well, um, the one that, uh, the artist for, uh, Totoro worked on.
Nino Kuni?
Nino Kuni.
Yeah.
The art kind of sort of reminds me of it a little bit.
A little bit, a little bit.
Um, hey, Nino Kuni 2 should be a thing this year, huh?
They were teased that on the PlayStation 4 a long time ago.
Yeah.
I think, isn't it supposed to be coming out soon or something?
Remember Nino Kuni 2 announcement?
Remember that?
All right.
Well, you guys, I'm going to let you go so we can try to squeeze in some more calls,
but it's a pleasure to hear from you both.
Uh, have a good, uh, uh, time you guys and I'll, uh, talk to you again soon.
All right.
Bye.
Dark Tetsuya and Gamer Girl, making a joint call in the show.
And we saw video, sorry to those of you guys, uh, on the radio.
Happens sometimes.
Uh, Orange Launch Radio, all one word on Skype.
If you want to give our show a call, uh, Dungeon Busters in chat, pointing out the
DuckTales race was really Epic.
Only a second or two difference.
Uh, VX JasonXV our fearless announcer says dying in a hundred percent races isn't very
common because the nature of getting tanks and whatnot, not dying in any percent, which
amounts to like 13%, I think is fairly common and very brutal.
Uh, let's get to the phones.
We got more calls.
It's lighting up tonight.
Hi, you're on Orange Launch Radio.
Who's this?
It's a Ziba.
Hey, Ziba.
How you doing?
I'm good.
Good.
I'm sorry.
I missed you at MAGFest.
I know I was thinking that I'm like, I totally missed you at MAGFest this year, but I don't
know.
This year was just different than last year.
Like I spent a lot of time.
It's gonna sound horrible.
I spent a lot of time in room parties, which is the opposite this time.
I really did a little bit of room parties, but, um, I did a lot more, um, like I went
to a lot more things that happened in MAGFest last year.
I kind of just like, kind of went with my group around, but this time I just went on
my own and I did some of my own things.
Nice.
What kinds of things did you see?
So good thing you brought that up.
That's what I wanted to talk about.
Um, I had a really like great experience at MAGFest that I wanted to talk about.
Sure.
Um, so you do know that David Wise was there, right?
Yes, I'd heard that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
So I think it was Saturday.
Um, I, after I went to a panel, I went back to my room to go get something and I heard
a knock on the door.
So I opened it up and it's one of my, um, Overclock Remix friends.
Cause I was with them in, um, um, MAGFest and she goes, David Wise is in my room.
I went, what?
So like I threw everything around and I went to her room.
Sure enough, he's there.
And there was a whole bunch of other people from OC Remix there and they were playing,
um, Donkey Kong, who was kind of funny.
Um, so like he turned and looked at me and I was like, hi.
And he's like, hi.
And, um, I kind of like sat next to him and what was really awesome is like OC Remix,
they do remixes for video games if anybody didn't know.
Um, so there was,
I don't know how anybody listened.
I don't know how anybody listening to this show could not know of OC Remix.
Seriously.
Like if you don't know, educate yourself.
Yes, that's right.
Know your roots.
So there was some, um, remixers there that have done, um, like remixes for Donkey Kong.
So they were going over like next to him with like earphones and with their phones and going,
hey Dave, can, can you listen to one of my remixes?
And he was like, yeah, sure.
So like it was a couple of them.
And, um, one of them stuck out at me because she was like, so like, like nervous talking to him.
And, um, she was gave her, gave him, um, the earphones and like played the, her song and
like his face lit up and I was like, whoa.
And, um, I didn't really listen to the remix myself, but he was just like, wow, I haven't,
I've never heard my song, um, like be made that way.
And it was just a great experience of having like people go to him with their music,
like remixed of his music.
And it was nice.
And then after that, um,
So in other words, you did do room parties.
Only your room parties had former rare composers at them.
Yes.
I see way to, way to, way to one up my stories.
So after all that, um, kind of calmed down a little bit and, uh, they left the, um,
they left Donkey Kong running.
And so it kind of got quiet and all of a sudden I started, I heard David Wise kind of hum
one of the songs.
I was funny catching him do that.
And then, um, oh man, it was, it was, oh, there was one other thing.
So, um, when they were playing, they were, they were in one of the, um, stages that was
in a cave.
I'm not really too familiar with Donkey Kong because I was, didn't really play them as
much as a kid, but, um, in one of the cave, uh, levels, there was like a dripping noise
and he was like, Hey, you know, that dripping noise was a noise in my apartment that I recorded
and we're like, Whoa, it was a so neat hearing some of his stories.
Um, I, I went to the, um, one of the panels that he was at too.
Uh, it was the game composer, um, Q and A, um, that was really neat too.
Cause I got to hear, uh, you know, some snippets of like a bunch of game composers, but, um,
but that, that like, um, part and magfest of meeting him in a room and like talking to
him, it was just a great experience.
And that sounds like one of those things you could really like only have at a magfest or
as a convention.
That's still, I mean, obviously magfest has grown very large, but it still has a lot of
like small community vibes kind of going on with it for sure.
So, but that's definitely, I agree.
That's an, that's an awesome, awesome story.
So, um, I don't, I don't blame you for ignoring me all weekend.
I w I would have to, if you had, no, I'm just kidding.
Obviously it just didn't work out and there was, I didn't have a really good space to
meet up or anything, but hopefully, hopefully, uh, next time.
So I will definitely plan on being at magfest, uh, next year.
Did you catch any of the concerts real quick?
Yes.
Um, I went to a couple.
Um, I'm trying to think of one of the names.
Um, Oh crap.
You put me on the spot.
So were you there?
Think of like proto man, David wise kind of like made my whole like memory go away, but
I went to a couple of them.
They were pretty neat.
Nice.
All right.
Well, Ziba, thanks so much for the call and for sharing the story and, uh, yeah, that's
awesome.
But you know, I think it's, it's a good reminder too, that, you know, David wise and a lot
of these gaming folks that go to these conventions, you know, they, they are
completely normal people as well that are probably truly humbled by the people that
have the positive reactions to their stuff that they do.
You know, I'm, you know, I, I don't like have these delusions that OLR is this massively
popular podcast or anything, but you know, once in a while, you know, somebody will tell
me at a convention or something like they'll tell me about a particular episode or a story.
And it's funny because oftentimes I probably can't even remember the exact episode of the
story, but I'm always humbled that people like do take those kinds of memories from
the show and so forth.
And it's just, it's, it's amazing.
And just, you know, fuzzy wuzzy feelings all over.
So yes, definitely.
Magfest does that to you.
All right.
Well, Ziba, I'm gonna let you go to try and squeeze in some more calls.
Okay.
All right.
Thanks.
Take care.
All right.
You too.
Bye.
Okay.
Our, our Skype line is on fire tonight.
You guys, I'm gonna try my best to get a couple more of these in.
Hi, you're on orange on radio.
Who's this?
Hey, what's going on everybody?
It's Ron.
Hey, Ron.
That was good to see you last week.
Dude.
It was good to see you too.
After what?
Almost 10 years.
Something like that.
Was it?
Has it?
No, it hadn't been that long, had it?
It's kind of along those lines.
Oh my God.
No, there was, there was Katsucon that one year.
Fanime.
God, it really has been a long time, hasn't it?
First was Fanime, then it was Katsucon.
So that'd be like seven or eight years.
And I cannot find one picture of you cosplaying Black Mage from Final Fantasy.
Yeah, that, that was the thing that happened, that it happened.
Yeah, you never, you never make it to Dragon Con.
That's the last time I saw you before this.
PAX East.
Yeah, I was like, I knew it had to be more recent than that.
Yes, PAX East.
Yes.
Awesome.
Well, what's on your mind tonight?
First things first.
You cut, you cut out there a little bit, buddy.
Try first things first again.
No, the reason why I'm cutting out a little, because I'm just kind of verklempt about how
much of an amazing time I had at Magfest.
I had a fucking ball.
That's right.
Cause that was your first Magfest.
We even kind of had to, we had to nudge you a little bit going, dude, you really should
check out Magfest.
Well, to be fair, the listeners had to do the same thing to me.
Like YYR and SSG100, Matt, like really had to pester me.
Like if you're, if you're burned out on PAX, dude, you should really, really try going
to Magfest.
No, really Rob?
Rob, fucking go to Magfest.
And so I did.
And I was like, Oh my God, why didn't you guys tell me this sooner?
We did.
You know what it is?
It's just the timing of the convention.
It's like, it's right after New Year's and I'm in, I'm in the transition of getting finances
and ready for con season 2000XX, you know?
And it's like this year, even though I said I was going, it actually snuck up on me.
I was like, Oh, right.
I could actually get my shit together for that.
I liked the February thing last year.
I know not everybody's into that, but for me, that really worked out.
I know Bobby was a big fan of that too.
I didn't like this whole like days after New Year's Eve, especially it was really weird
at work because most people at work are gone between Christmas and New Year.
And I was still there doing my thing.
And then, you know, everybody's like, Oh, how's your holiday?
Great.
Oh, wait.
Any plans now that you're back?
It's like, yeah, I'm actually going on my holiday now.
See ya.
It's like, it's weird.
You see about last year, it was mostly the East Coast cosplayers that were losing their
proverbial shit because the weekend before that was Capsicon.
And there were people deciding on which convention to go.
There are some people like, I'm doing both.
Yeah, that would be rough to do too.
That's the one thing that is going to be tough about this year is that MagWest and DragonCon
are back to back.
Thankfully, MagWest is in my backyard, but there's a really good, there's a really good
chance that with DragonCon this year, I'm just going to be like, fuck it and take the
entire week off work.
Well, there you go.
You should do that.
And I'm definitely gonna try to come down Thursday.
Oh, are you doing DragonCon this year?
No, I'm talking about MagFest.
No, I'm at MagWest.
Well, I'm sorry, I'm a little discombobulated right now because I'm still excited about
the whole thing and I'm editing photos from the con and all that craziness, you know.
Well, at least it sounds like I'll see you at MagFest 2018, if nothing else.
Yes.
Let me say a couple more things.
I'm gonna get out of here.
Yep.
My 2000 gaming pick was Azure Striker Gunvolt.
It's Mega Man X meets an angry pissed off person.
That's pretty much what it is.
I'll have to check that out because I don't think I've played that.
It's on 3DS and Steam.
It's a really fun game.
Awesome.
And you said you had something else you want to get out?
Yeah, this whole Nintendo's network.
They're going to use, I'm calling it right now, they're using the Nintendo Network ID
protocol that they start implementing around the time of the, they brought out Miitomo
and his other stuff.
That's what they're going to move to.
I don't see them using friend codes anymore.
And if they do that same with the 3DS, they're going with the Nintendo.
Nintendo network ID thing.
That's why I see them happening.
I think you're right.
Because if you guys remember, right, that was the whole reason we found out about the
NX using my quotey fingers the whole time.
The whole reason we found out about the NX when they revealed it like way earlier than
they were ready to talk about it was because they were talking about a Nintendo network
type of thing.
And to answer what Loki was saying earlier, the Switch console could use GPS, but you
has to be ready for it via Bluetooth because I have a smartwatch and it can do GPS provided
that it syncs with my phone and it pulls the GPS coordinates.
So you can, if the Switch can do Bluetooth through the smartphone and if somebody does
the right hacking, you could implement GPS and you could also implement hotspotting through
Bluetooth.
So you got that.
Yeah, which to be fair, we don't know if that Switch has Bluetooth in it.
I don't think it does, right?
It probably doesn't and they wouldn't do it like in an app like Pokemon Go or something
like that wouldn't do that because then you're trusting a Bluetooth device to provide accurate
GPS information, which that could be spoofed.
So of course, they're not going to open themselves up to that.
True.
The app would have to be on the console side and they'd have to heavily lock it down.
And looking at the prices of the Switch and accessories, I personally think the prices
are ridiculous, but you know what?
Nintendo is going to make a profit off of every single one of them consoles and accessories
and controllers sold.
Nintendo does not make a loss on the hardware they sell and that's a very hard line they
drew in their company a long time ago.
I think the only time they ever sold something at a loss was when they finally price cut
the 3DS.
I think.
Yeah, that was it.
That was it.
Unless you want to count the Virtual Boy.
Well, no, I don't.
All right, Rama, my friend, I'm gonna let you go so we can wrap up.
All right, cool.
And most likely I will be getting a Switch and I'll probably be staying at home while
I play Mario Kart 8.
It's probably going to happen, but I'm just going to wait and see more games coming out.
But that also means if you bring your Switch to MAGFest 2018, we get to all play Mario
Kart 8.
It's going to be a blast.
That will probably be the only time my Switch will leave the system.
I mean, leave the house.
So, you know, I'll price an email about this later.
So we'll definitely do some coffee later.
All right, take care.
Take care.
That's one thing that's going to end with the Switch as well.
If you may think about it for, you know, like the 3DS and DS is that SharePlay stuff.
They don't have that.
Or I think it's called SharePlay.
Remember where you one person would have the cart and then everybody else can beam the
game to their thing?
That is going to do it for the Skype line tonight.
Sorry to those that didn't get through.
But if you want to give us an email, that would be awesome.
Participate at orangelauntrader.com.
By the way, Bobby Blackwolf in chat brought a receipt from one of these tech sites saying
that, wait, I reread it.
The Switch has Bluetooth.
Bluetooth 4.1.
So it does have Bluetooth in it.
So, but again, because that's what the controllers use.
Right.
But and I also, I kind of think you're right, though, about the GPS thing is it would be
a very easy thing to spoof.
And, you know, at the end of the day, why put Pokemon Go on the Switch?
Like, it doesn't make a lot of sense.
But maybe a new Pokemon game that interacts with or excuse me, a new Pokemon game in the
sun and moon variety that interacts with Go.
I could see maybe a little more of that, but we'll we'll see.
We'll see what happens.
Have they even discussed the connectivity between Go and sun and moon already?
No, they kind of that's going to be a thing.
They shove that under the rug.
No, it's not.
I think I think Niantic just had too much problems.
They still have yet to do a live event, which is important to point out as well.
You know, we still have legendaries from Gen 1 that haven't come out.
And now we're on the eve of Gen 2 Pokemon hitting.
I mean, Gen 2 Pokemon are hitting, but there's a lot more that are still coming out soon.
A lot of people theorize we could get some developments this next week.
I kind of think they're grasping at straws.
I think Niantic is just going to dump that on us when they're getting ready.
But we'll see.
I don't want them to rush it.
Don't screw it up.
Anyway, that is going to do it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys for joining us again, especially after we were gone for a little bit,
especially being two weeks off.
Thank you for being here.
If you were here live, awesome.
Great to have you here.
If you're listening on the podcast feed, appreciate that too.
Or however you're listening.
Maybe you torrented it.
I don't know.
But we always appreciate a five-star review on a place like iTunes, Google Play or wherever
it is you found this podcast.
Those reviews do go a long way.
Word of mouth is really all we have to sell this show because we don't have a giant
multimillion dollar website or advertising network behind us.
All we have is word of mouth.
So if you like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, please tell a friend or two
about the show.
And even if you didn't like what you heard here at Orange Lounge Radio, hey, at least
support independent podcasting.
Continue to support folks who create this content for you.
And again, email us.
Participate at orangelandradio.com.
We're going to go around and get everybody's final thought.
Since I see Dark Sakura packing up, I'll start with her.
Dark Sakura, your final thought for tonight.
Resist.
Uh, resist false icons.
All right.
Enlighten.
I'm making a statement.
Resist.
Loki, your final thought tonight.
I don't know if I'm gonna keep the switch because if I don't keep the switch, then I
can buy myself a 3D printer.
So that's exciting.
One or the other.
We'll see.
I don't know.
I'm leaving it on, especially right now, because there's also the opportunity of scalping
that shit, but, um, I don't know.
I may just be lazy and leave it on there and like, oh, hey, what's this in my doorstep?
Oh yeah.
Fit.
Shit.
I forgot that was coming out, you know?
I don't know.
All right.
My final thought this week is, um, you know, yay for a three day weekend, but let's not
forget why we have a three day weekend.
Not for me.
Sorry.
My final thought.
So I just want to, you know, say, acknowledge that tomorrow is Martin Luther King Day and,
you know, take a minute to reflect on his message.
Especially since this is going to be a very interesting week.
And for me personally, even all the national stuff aside, it's going to be a very interesting
week and I'm very excited, dare I say.
So anyhow, that's it for another episode of Orange Lounge Radio.
Thank you guys so much for tuning into the show.
Really appreciate it.
Have a great night, everybody.
We will see you in seven days.
Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio.
Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into vognetwork.com Sunday nights at 6 p.m.
Pacific, 9 p.m.
Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff
of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network, but you know they were all still true.
See you next week.
Bye.